what should a longtime windows user know when starting to use linux?
are there any tools to convert markdown documents to html en masse?
bash one liner: copy template_*.txt to foo_*.txt?
bash reg-exp substitution
getting ssh to execute a command in the background on target machine
how do i autorun an application in a terminal in ubuntu?
parallelize bash script
how to run gpg from a script run by cron?
how to make a pipe loop in bash
worth switching to zsh for casual use?
boolean expressions in shell scripts
how do i write a for loop in bash
how do you parse a filename in bash?
bash script to pack file names
using the result of a command as an argument in bash?
can a bash script tell what directory it's in?
advanced directory switching in bash
how do i use a pipe in the exec parameter for a find command?
what are some of your favorite little known command-line tricks using bash?
what are your most important console aliases?
grabbing every 4th file
delete all but the 4 newest directories
how can i create a command line (unix/linux) instruction that uses variables to execute numerous commands?
$$ in bash.
determine if a function exists in bash
in a bash script, how do i sanitize user input?
exit shell script based on process exit code
how do i change the colors displayed in cygwin rxvt?
spawning an interactive telnet session from a shell script
how do i escape the wildcard/asterisk character in bash?
in bash, environmental variables not tab-expanding correctly
favorite bash prompt
real-time history export amongst bash terminal windows
can i pass an arbitrary block of commands to a bash function?
is it possible to detect 32 bit vs 64 bit in a bash script?
how to compare files with same names in two different directories using a shell script
bash variable scope
how do i remove file suffix and path portion of a path string in bash?
sync file modification time across multiple directories
count number of occurences of token in a file
can i specify redirects and pipes in variables?
is bash getopts function destructive to the command-line options?
how do i sort a file in place using bash shell?
how to removing trailing whitespace of all files recursively?
escape < and > in sed/bash
bash script runs from shell but not from cron job
autoconf using sh, i need shell=bash, how do i force autoconf to use bash?
bash: start multiple chained commands in background
how do i iterate over a range of numbers in bash?
how to prevent a script form running simultaneously?
how to check syntax in bash (without running the script)
opening named pipes in non-blocking mode in bash
how do you handle the "too many files" problem when working in bash?
what's the difference between "&> foo" and "> foo 2>&1"?
how do i extract xml properties using shell scripts
best way to parse command line arguments in bash
bash: how _best_ to include other scripts?
in the bash script how do i know the script file name?
how can i make the "find" command on os x default to the current directory?
how to copy a file to multiple directories using the gnu cp command
how do i reuse a command in bash with different parameters?
what is the best way to perform timestamp comparison in bash
hidden features of bash
os x command line text conversion
how do i print a field from a pipe-separated file?
how to tell if a sting is not defined in a bash shell script?
string contains in bash
how to add a progress bar to a bash script?
truncate output in bash
using change directory (cd) inside scripts - best practices
how do i delete a bash function?
detecting failure of a bash "export" value
how to delete files older than x hours
run command when bash script is stopped
chroot + execvp + bash
how to iterate over arguments in bash script
more efficent shell text manipulation
going backwards in a bash prompt
easy parallelisation
how do you normalize a file path in bash
how can i automatically quote or group commandline arguments for alias in bash?
how do i add a directory with a colon to a shell path?
urlencode from a bash script
how to escape white space in bash loop list
bash read inside a loop reading a file
how do i use regular expressions in bash scripts?
moving a directory atomically
how to delete files older than n weeks from a microsoft ftp server
how to append name of file to end of each line in file
are there any commands that are usually used for comparing time in bash shell script?
interesting usage of tar... but what is happening?
echo "-e" doesn't print anything
bash if -a vs -e option
how to close a file descriptor from another process in unix systems
remove whitespace from bash variable
remove duplicates from bash history
how can i remove the first line of a text file using bash/sed script
how to bind a key to sigkill in bash?
reducing cpu processing time by using nice?
how do i get bash completion to work with aliases?
parsing a line in bash
writing bash script to change text and write to a log
"wget --domains" not helping.. what am i doing wrong?
how to wait in bash for several subprocesses to finish and return exit code !=0 when any subprocess ends with code !=0 ?
bash scripting..copying files without overwriting
how do i get both stdout and stderr to go to the terminal and a log file?
reordering an mbox file chronologically
shell scripting: die on any error
how to glob variables in bash script
how to trim whitespace from bash variable?
what is the most elegant way to remove a path from the $path variable in bash?
what is the best way to write a wrapper function that runs commands and logs their exit code
avoid expansion of * in bash builtin function let
best way to simulate "group by" from bash
how do i control a job's "name" in bash?
detect os from a bash script
auto complete by end/middle of line in bash
[bash] fill placeholders in file in single pass
[bash] escape a string for sed search pattern
compare integer in bash, unary operator expected
how do i tell rsync to run only if the destination directory exists?
build argument lists containing whitespace for other commands
how can i select random files from a directory in bash?
what's the difference between .bashrc, .bash_profile, and .environment?
how to repace ${} variables in a *nix text file
how can i suppress the output due to a sigsegv or a sigfpe in a fortran 90 program?
stop echoing ^c to terminal
append text to stderr redirects in bash
how can a bash script know the directory it is installed in when it is sourced with . operator?
removing directories with spaces with bash
extract substring in bash
shell script templates
updating live server from vcs
ftp not uploading last 4 bytes
cd doesn't work when redirecting output?
how to parse rss-feeds / xml in a shell script
temporary redirection of stderr in a bash script
bash: how to feed a command with the multiple results generated by one subcommand
access x11 display from empty environment (bash)
lambda functions in bash
shell script for adjusting image size
what's the difference between $(...) and `...`
creating indented text with bash
bash script to create symbolic links to shared libraries
how would you represent eof in bash?
parallel processing from a command queue on linux (bash, python, ruby... whatever)
using bash to fix maildir mtimes problem
extract all matching substrings in bash
how to test if a given path is a mount point
how do i do date math in a bash script on os x leopard?
how can i ping many subsites ~/[0, 3].html in bash?
pcmanfm arguements; bash
problem redirecting a c program output in bash
environment path loading incorrectly in bash
how many ways can i get bash alias completion on partial substring
bash: get list of commands starting with a given string
bash: get list of variables whose name matches a certain pattern
xargs doesn't recognize bash aliases
how to delegate within a crontab to use another file as a crontab? aka crontab in svn/cvs?
do not try this! the following bash command will spawn processes to kernel death. can you explain the syntax?
bash completion for make with generic targets in a makefile
escaping 'run' command line options in cygwin
how to terminate script's process tree in cygwin bash from bash script
insert command into bash shell
find and replace from a bash command
echo spaces in bash script
how do you set a directory to have persistent group permissions?
how to escape extended pathname expansion patterns in quoted expressions?
how to list running screen sessions ?
uses for this bash filename extraction technique?
bash - passing arguments by reference
how do i redirect stdin from a shell script to a command in the shell script?
how can i redirect stderr to stdout, but ignore the original stdout?
control-r reverse-i-search in bash: how do you "reset" the search?
how can i put $home/opt/git/bin to my path?
hiding the text before an input to only $-sign in bash?
how do i check in bash whether a file was created more than x time ago?
bash script does not continue to read the next line of file
how can i pass a complete argument list in bash while keeping mulitword arguments together?
press alt + numeric in bash and you get (arg [numeric]) what is that?
unix commands that support colours
turn globed match from case into an array.
what goodies are present in unix shells sans bash?
alternate way to trigger reverse-i-search without pressing ctrl+r in bash
finding files iso-8859-1 encoded?
another shell open when at server?
check if a program exists from a bash script.
is there a good, online tutorial for learning intermediate-to-advanced bash programmable completion?
problems using git diff to create file list for deploy
batch renaming with bash
sort | uniq | xargs grep ... where lines contain spaces
capturing multiple line output to a bash variable
bash : how to use screen to have a term session used at home after work?
how can i cut(1) camelcase words?
bash scripting - no output, no echo
problem with bash's command_not_found_handle()
how can i ssh directly to a particular directory?
shell command to recursively give permission to directories and files
unable to move pictures from desktop to a specifig folder
unable to scp from my server to my computer
unable to put a .txt -file to the end of another .txt -file
errors on beginner bash script
bash history re-runs: possible command to avoid using !bang! ?
what is the xdg_session_cookie environment variable for?
redirect stderr and stdout in a bash script
encoding keyboard command onto bash script
number of tokens in bash variable
how do i tell if a file does not exist in bash?
can you prevent a command from going into the bash shell command history?
redirect the stdin to come from a different terminal using bash
how to get all matches from regex?
problem scripting a html header request with netcat
how do i sum together file sizes in bash, grouping together the results by date?
bash: sleep until a specific time/date
distributing loadable builtin bash modules
shell script - two foor loops and changing extension of file
bash ^word^replacement^ on all matches?
enviroment variable within variable
how to show relationships between todo-lists?
find file in directory from command line
bash: recursively adding subdirectories to the path
scripting for bash screen
is [[ ]] preferable over [ ] in bash scripts?
getting a 'source: not found' error when using source in a bash script
how to manage long paths in bash?
redirecting bash stdout/stderr to two places?
correct bash and shell script variable capitalization
why can i run a bash function with the 000 permissions?
bash stacktrace
removing created temp files in unexpected bash exit
timeout a command in bash without unnecessary delay
why can't i use job control in a bash script?
what are replacement and new practices from sh to bash?
functionality in .profile (login script) versus distributing to other scripts.
bash script to find a file in directory tree and append it to another file
how do i write stderr to a file while using "tee" with a pipe?
why does wdiff not work with named pipes
how do i write a bash script to restart a process if it dies?
validating parameters to a bash script
how do i schedule a process' termination?
calenadr calculations in bash
how do i alter tab autocomplete in bash to dive through folders?
removing files starting with --
why is this bash prompt acting strangely/disappearing, and how do i fix it (os x)?
how to run two processes as though they were one in bash?
synchronize home directories from multiple clients to a server
bash - supress notice of forked command being killed
using the passwd command from with in a shell script
run the output of a script as a standalone bash command
bash tab-completion inside double-quoted string
how to get curl to save to a different directory?
bash to beep if command takes more than 1 minute to finish
how can i use lame to encode wav files within a shell script? i'm trying to set artist information via variables with spaces in them. lame craps out. maybe i'm being retarded with bash?
how can you open files which contain the word "exam" in terminal?
run bash script as source without source command
how do you use binary conversion in python/bash/awk?
multiple commands in an alias for bash
limiting a script from sending alerts
syntax error : end of file unexpected (expecting "fi")
save last working directory on bash logout
unable to have a tab completion of system variables without a backward flash
moving files to a directory
how to enable command line switches?
remove all .pyc files from a project
regular expression grabbing x amount of values out in linux bash
unable to forward search bash history similarly as with ctrl-r
unable to find release notes for bash
unable to understand a line in .bashrc
variables as commands in bash scripts
bash completion for certain types of files in a special directory
load the result of an egrep inside a editor (vim/emacs/gedit)
how do you copy text from firefox in windows to bash shell in unix?
list directories containinf more than 1 file
access a variable in a bash script
parse an email message for sender name in bash
bash: possible to abort shell script if any command returns a non-zero value?
bash script parameters
how can i grab a section of a logfile between 2 timestamps?
{bash} howto insert a number into a string for wget
minimal "task queue" with stock linux tools to leverage multicore cpu
executing commands containing space in bash
how to use environment variable inside a quoted string in bash script
like to store all command-line arguments to a bash script into a single variable
bash in vi-mode: browsing shell history with cursor up/down, cursor position not at the end?
how do i find my computer's ip address using the bash shell?
how to use > in an xargs command?
tricky brace expansion in shell
script-file vs command-line: problem with rsync and --exclude
how can i append text to /etc/apt/sources.list from the command line?
how can i remove missing files with spaces in svn?
getting sed to replace text with argument
recommended online resources for learning bash scripting
a bash one-liner to change into the directory where some file is located.
why sometimes when i paste a command on my bash prompt it gets executed?
bash: save in a variable the number of seconds a process took to run
delete all files/directories except two specific directories
timing concurrent processes in bash with 'time'
preserve ls colouring after grep'ing
why ssh fails from crontab but succedes when executed from a command line?
bash. test for a variable unset, using a function
change current directory from a script
bash: redirect and append both stdout and stderr
bash check if user mount fails
in bash, how can i print the first n elements of a list?
unable to add a parameter to your command in bash
putting the output of a command with interaction inside a variable while using grep in bash
how to pipe a command result to a -<character><argument> option? (without spaces)
how to do a search? (bash)
how can i keep a file in memory during editing?
if .bash_profile usually source .bashrc any way, why not just use .bashrc ?
argument checking problem in bash script
is it normal for "rsyslogd" to cost 170m memory?
bash shell for windows?
how to evaluate a given path within a bash shell
can ${var} expressions be nested in bash?
split string based on delimiter in bash?
bash condition of the form - [ -n "${var:-x}" ] gets evaluated even though var is set
how to program using cat
bash - replace all instances of mutliple newline with a single newline
how do i write a bash alias/function to grep all files in all subdirectories for a string?
how to check in a bash script if something is running and exit if it is.
mixing single and double quotations in bash
how to do gui for bash scripts?
how to make a php process auto-restart when dead?
bash customizations
how can i program ksh93 to use bash autocompletion?
saving current directory to bash history
how to debug a bash script?
redirecting stderr to a variable in a bash script
extract filename and extension in bash
how to produce range with step n in bash?
bash date/time arithmetic
how to initialize a bash array with output piped from another command ?
stderr redirection to stdout
strange error checking if directory exists with bash script
how to send a sigint to python from a bash script?
how to extract and chop version string from file in bash
capturing standard error into a variable in bash
pushd/popd on ksh?
gnu screen running a bash init script
protect against accidental deletion
bash - redirecting of stdoutput and stderror does not catch all output
can "nice" and "exec" cooperate in linux?
how does this bash fork bomb work?
safe rm -rf function in shell script
right align/pad numbers in bash
bash: delete until a specific file
add (collect) exit codes in bash
bash: how to traverse directory structure and execute commands?
is it possible to see output to stdout in this occasion?
how to replace the "disown" with "screen"?
check if a function exists from a bash script.
how to keep a file under n lines long?
define variable to hold non-current date in bash
how to scp across servers using bash?
ls return values
what does the output mean?
is it possible to make a bash file run as root in crontab?
can a bash function be used in different scripts?
how to check if gcc has failed, returned a warning, or succeeded? (in bash)
using bash command line, how to add "import package.name.*;" to many java files?
how do i change bash history completion to complete what's already on the line?
how to chop last n bytes of a sting in bash string choping?
bash shell script syntax error
zip columns from separate files together in bash
unable to make a if-else loop for google-books in bash
echo printing variables on single line
getting the pid of a job launched in the background remotely
bash: getting standard program for file type
for loop using find lacks doesn't properly handle directory names having white space character
in bash, how does one clear the current input?
undelete the deleted command in bash.
problem with non blocking fifo in bash
wait for "any process" to finish
bash tool to parse csv files
passing arrays as parameters in bash
redirecting test output
bash script what is := for?
escaping the '\' character in the replacement string in a sed expression
is there an environment variable that contains the clipboard contents?
is bash scripting still the way to go?
go to path and then tar?
execute a shell command from a shell script without stoping if error occurs
file reading
write a shell script that find-greps and outputs filename and content in 1 line
what's the easiest way to colorize bash shell outputs?
bash, dash and string comparison
counting duplicates in a sorted sequence using command line tools
run bash script from windows powershell
bash script -- logname validation
recursively add file extension to all files
including string expressions in bash commands
shortest way to swap two files in bash
capturing output of find . -print0 into a bash array
shell scripting. command substitution issue in my script.
bash variables with multiple commands and reentrant
bash/cygwin/$path:  do i really have to reboot to alter $path?
bash case syntax - meaning of "-@"
to bind clear to ^l in bash
to understand typeset for pythonpath
wait for bash background jobs in script to be finished
shell prompt line wrapping issue
using a bash script on a mac to connect to network shares?
in a bash script/command how can i make a pc beep noise, or play a sound file?
properly handling space and quotes in bash completion
run crontab with user input
bash script shell input
recursivley traverse cifs shares
what does ${2:-${1}} mean in bash?
sort subgroups of lines with command-line tools
how to assign a heredoc value to a variable in bash?
touch files from z->a with a delay
how to pass long strings for search and replace in a bash, sed, or rpl script?
if text file is not empty, email me
automatically timing every executed command and show in bash prompt?
how do you use shell script variables as arguments to sed?
newline madness in bash script
replace output in a loop in bash scripting
how to insert a new line character after a fixed number of characters in a file
inserting text to a file with sed within bash script
check if a string contain asterisk (*)
generate random number
bash: run another program in the current directory while running from path
how can i derefence symbolic links in bash?
bash script executting su command
extract filename and path from url in bash script
check whether stderr is a pipe in bash
looping over commands to print and execute in bash
how do i rename a bash function?
value of global variable doesn't change in bash.
bash (mac): edit file and some if commands.
bash: extract last parameter from "$@"
bash: tee output and capture exit status
how to record the ouput of executable running with bash script and standard input?
bash rename files
how to include a timer in bash scripting?
bash grep newline
how can i ensure a bash string is alphanumeric, without an underscore?
error in bash script while reading a file.
login to a site and then post to a page in it
add a single bash command
getting the index of the substring on solaris
bash string comparison syntax
creating a .bashrc function to search through all files for a particular string
bash == operator in [[ ]] is too smart!
can you pass stdin into unix host/dig command?
how can i assign the match of my regular expression to a variable?
a way to parse terminal output / input ? (.bashrc ?)
bash, escaping single-quotes inside of single-quoted strings
how to base64 encode /dev/random or /dev/urandom?
openssl in bash script
move files to directories based on first part of filename?
bash string to date
how to use expr on float?
redirecting stdout in a bash file results in a file created even when there is no error. why?
add to file if exists and create if not
delete all files but keep all directories in a bash script?
syntax for a single-line bash infinite while loop
compilers for shell scripts
[bash] check if a package is installed and then install it if it's not.
what does <() do in bash?
exit status code for expect script called from bash
how to list variables declared in script in bash?
how to test filename expansion result in bash?
bash copy all files expect one.
reorganize folders with a script
bash and test-driven development
bash scripting - how to set the group that new files will be created with?
bash: how to change the basename only of a list of files
what is the safest way to initialize bash arrays with quoted values from function output?
script to recursively delete cvs directory on server
(less ugly way to) slice an array in bash
why a hard coded string var is changing when the bash script is run as root ?
how do i create a directory on remote host if it doesn't exist without ssh-ing in?
bash scripting call to awk
bash: error message does not get redirected to file
bash: merging multiple files given different file name prefixes in an array
linux command line: split a string
bash/mysql complains about ) character
passing bash arguments
bash script plugin for eclipse?
changing word delimiters in bash
bash: measure disk space of certain file types in aggragate
replace chars in file by index
command substitution but without breaking output into multiple arguments
covnerting variable to integer
bash script to archive files and then copy new ones.
notify upon background jobs finishing running in bash
get current working directory name in bash script
how to detect a build error from ant/maven via a bash script?
quoting not respected inside a bash variable
in a bash script, how can i exit the entire script if a certain condition occurs?
replace important symbolic link ‘safely’
hide a bash function internals..
how do i reverse escape backslash ecodings like "\ " and "\303\266" in bash?
what information can be gathered about remote host on ssh login
commands from .bashrc not available in emacs
bash: detect if user's path has a specific directory in it
how to run processes piped with bash on multiple cores?
bash - remove non-word characters from a file but keep newlines?
how do i write a script to ssh to a computer from a remote computer?
yyyy-mm-dd format date in shell script
bash : list files by last edited date?
how to create a bash script to check the ssh connection?
getting an other program output as input on the fly
bash - single quote inside double quote for sql where clause
how to split a file and keep the first line in each of the pieces?
what's wrong with my bash array?
compress a mysqldump that is ssh'd to another machine
source all files in a directory from .bash_profile
testing for gui in .bashrc
remove old backup files
bash script: downloading consecutive numbered files with wget
bash / php quoting command line argument
bash: how to flush output to a file while running
sed replace command inside of a bash script?
"cp --parents" in ms-dos/vbscript
how do i make sure my bash script isn't already running?
bash script for downloading files with curl
how to rollover the standard output from bash?
ls only these file types using grep
awk '{print $9}' the last ls -l column including any spaces in the file name.
bash mysql query to comma separated file
extract data from csv in bash script (sed, awk, grep?)
timing a curl operation in bash
how to remove large amount of files using rm
commenting in bash script
manually iterating a line of a file | bash
literal quotes in flags for a command in a bash script
awk pattern macthing
line of bash code from .configure file
bash script to perform operation on each argument against the final argument
how do you execute sql from within a bash script?
count number of files generated from split command
how to create argument tokens (c++ in unix)
how to check if a string has spaces in bash shell
synchronize shell script execution
retrieving the first non-option command line argument
bash: does it support conditional variables like var="test"?"1":"2"
nested case in bash script
wildcard expansion - searching for one in a set of possibilities
how does rubygems modify $path
need to write a program to sanely configure a login shell
how to define hash tables in bash?
how to get the nth positional argument in bash?
how do i romove specific characters from file names using bash
how do you call a function defined in .bashrc from the shell?
awk and printf in bash
bash return value
why do processes spawned by cron end up defunct?
with bash, how can i pipe standard error into another process?
equivalent of select or poll in bash
help me make this bash script pretty, or just less ghastly
bash script for manual routes and default gateway problem
calling grep from a bash script
bash - format a textfile - pair every two lines
bash: echoing an argument after a slash inserts a blank character
grep with "half"-exact match
kill process in bash that runs more than specified time?
bash input/output in c++
how to run every script in a directory except itself?
validate emails with bash
finding a pattern and extracting it into another file using sed in bash
how to verfiy information using standard linux/unix filters?
bash: join elements of an array?
linux: gnu sort does not sort seq
can bash be configured to search string on the current input line?
can't read variable that was stored from within a while loop, when out of the while loop.
de-dupe files in bash
how would one implement bash-like tab completion?
printing out names of only directories and not files (bash)
how to properly make path handling robust in a bash program?
how can grep interpret literally a string that contains an asterisk and is fed to grep through a variable?
how do i forward parameters to other command in bash script?
bash: limit the number of concurrent jobs?
using conditional statements inside 'expect'
how to force bash autocomplete to one command ?
bash script to edit xml file
preserving whitespaces in a string as a command line argument
echo in a bash script changing '--md5' to '?-md5'
bash can not get if to work like i want to
bash comparing stored "boolean" value with what?
bash shell scripting - csv parsing
switch from file contents to stdin in piped command? (linux shell)
bash: find and copy
bash scripts : whiptail file select
handle special characters in bash for...in loop
how to create a backup of an postgres db using bash?
copying a directory tree file by file
how to ask bash to wait for a result and send a sigkill when it get it ?
problem in running a script
bash script passing stdin input to a program and giving control back to user input
list all leaf subdirectories in linux
bash and filenames with spaces
using $@ properly (bash)
how to check for an exploding zip file in bash?
why does bash sometime not flush output to a file
how do i use tr to substitute '--' string
matching a line with a literal asterisk "*" in grep
appened to /etc/apt/sources.list
bash globbing - autoexpand for a few specific cases?
how to supply many argv with one bash var ?
regex match a string with spaces (use quotes?) in an if statement
bash : make job every x days
looking for recommendations on a good bash tutorial
use bash to read a file and then execute a command from the words extracted
why aliases in a non-interactive bash shell do not work
how to filter out a set of strings a from a set of strings b using bash
inputbox and menubox simultaneously
how to use sed to test and then edit one line of input?
connecting two bash commands
bash loop between two given dates
bash script to edit a bunch of files
bash script - select from database into variable
bash command to open largest file
who can hack the code to make it work with .icon?
bash scripting - execute and grep command inside script
arrange log entries into dated files
terminate running commands when shell script is killed
bash loop - tokenize on lines rather than words
preserving leading white space while reading>>writing a file line by line in bash
bash: copy named files recursively, preserving folder structure
why bash ignore newlines when doing for loop over the contents of a c-style string?
how to get the pid of a process that is piped to another process in bash?
how to sudo on a computer using ssh inside a bash script
bash egrep numbers not working in case
bash menu:  return to menu after selection made and executed?
shell script sort list
a script to ssh into a remote folder and check all files?
bash script to find the most recently modified file
how to sort by line length, then reverse alphabetically
indenting bash script output
accessing ssh key from bash script running via a cron job
security or other gotcahs in apache-cgi-bash application?
using file contents as command line arguements in bash
how to process file names with variables from a list in a file in bash
bash :: find file in archive from command line
pass list of variables to bash script
reading java .properties file from bash
multi-threaded bash programming - generalized method?
set screen-title from shellscript
how can i read a list of filenames from a file in bash?
bash: what expands to all files in current directory recursively
lookup shell variables by name, indirectly
executing for-each in bash
switch user and output variable contents
find file launching a process
the easiest way to replace white spaces with (underscores) _ in bash
perform or on two hash outputs of sha1sum.
question about [[]], [] and $#
can't seem to use bash -c option with arguments after the -c option string
bash case menu - dynamic choices
eval to variable failing (w/crontab)
dynamically building a command in bash
remove first 4 letters from a folder name using bash scripting
bash usage of vi or emacs
how to use ping in a script
transpose a file in bash
bash - recursively create nonexistant subdirectories
see binary instead of hex in binary file while in a shell like bash.
parse players currently in lobby
filter hidden files with bash (for batch image resize script)
strip characters before period if filename has prefix in bash
extract the last directory of a pwd output
is it possible to capture bash output into the osx finder clipboard
redirect output to a bash array
while executing a shell script in unix bash shell, how is a file location resolved for relative paths? rel. to the script.sh folder or the referenced file's folder.
bash: assign '&' to variable not as string
how do i simplify bash's 'eval "$time $bin_file $bin_opts &> $log_file"' and keep it working?
bash script to watch a folder
using dos file contents as command line arguments in bash...
help with selecting rows using awk
bash: for filename do......
which programming language has very short context-free grammar in its formal specification?
[bash] replace a line in a text file
lines and columns environmental variables lost in a script
in bash shell script how do i convert a string to an number
how to gzip every file separately
choosing rows form a file
grep-ing multiple files
bash alias query
probem with redirecting output
arrow key via stdin
is there a better way to erase a line than echo "                                                  "?
how can i assign the output of a function to a variable using bash?
looking for book on bash scriping
execute conky with a cron job and bash
test a file date with bash
bash scripting " [!: not found " errors, and how to write an or statement
how do i include parameters in a bash alias?
check if mac process is running using bash by process name
pid of last started process in bash-script
identify error in if statement
bash errors in this script ?
bash: how do i truncate an array?
awk strftime on mac os x
bash alias of an svn command piped to awk
how to determine function name from inside a functoin
how to grab live text from a url?
pipelines vs for
monitoring bash script won't terminate
bash: hashing multiple files recursively
how to write bash script to search for ip's in a file and put write them to another file?
using xvkbd to read a barcode. how to disable enter key?
how can i use linux to parse out only a section of a variable with different delimiters?
how can this src vs. build tree timestamp comparison be faster? (bash)
remove slash from the end of a variable
simple math statements in bash in a for loop.
bash daemon named "sh" or "sleep" not the filename....
detecting program errors in bash scripts?
making graphs with a shell script
putting the last command's wall time in bash prompt
bash environment variables and finding installation directories
more simple math help in bash!
add specific directories to bash find command
bash script doesnt run correctly as background process
easiest way to extract the urls from an html page using sed or awk only.
how do i prompt a user for confirmation in bash script?
a simple small shell script to compute averages
bash script on a mac creates a info popup
pick up curent user in bash on a mac
read file line by line in bash expands special characters
bash || within if []; block
how to implement a stdin, stdout wrapper ?
how to automatically ignore files in grep
how to upload (ftp) files to server in a bash script?
how to ssh from within a bash script?
kill random process with name
bash completion: what can we do with it, what lies in the future.
return a regex match in a bash script, instead of replacing it
make sure int variable is 2 numbers long, else add 0 in front to make it 2 numbers long
split svnversion output in bash
locale-aware uppercase in bash?
randomizing arg order for a bash for statement
search through a range of directories bash script
opening terminal windows with bash
how to get a variable value if variable name is stores as string?
find out if install script runs on mac or linux machine
autocomplete for the ruby command in bash
sequence expression in bash
bash syntax: what is the "<<"?
how to confirm a command in every bash loop
redirecting standard output to the calling process
little bash script: catch errors?
bash: add value to array without specifying a key
bash script to always answer no to any prompt ?
how to substitute a string in bash script
how do i check the exit code of a command executed by flock?
bash script - read binary file
why is my bash script adding <feff> to the beginning of files?
cannot scp a path with spaces from bash script?
bash/sh single-quote, doublequote & backquote question
bash: convert non-ascii characters to ascii
split line into words in bash
split a database of mol2 molecules into n smaller sets
passing a string with spaces as a function argument in bash
how to cut some text from string in bash?
bash combine two arrays
bash scripting: how do i parse the output of a command and perform an action based on that output?
how do i use su to execute the rest of the bash script as that user?
bash function to prompt for and return input
search multiple php files, and replace text ?
sed move text to beginning of line?
bash insert a comma (,) after every third field of a variable or array?
reading stdin multiple times in bash
bash: calling a scripts with double-quote argument
bash: why is echo adding extra space?
show hexadecimal numbers of a file
do a complete flux of work on bash script
how to execute a bash command stored as a string with quotes and asterisk
unexpected operator error
mutable list or array structure in bash? how can i easily append to it?
one line assignment in bash
bash: recursively remove files
easy way to split a large text file?
using find with exec
awk without printing newline
how to extract substring from a text file in bash?
what is '$$' in the bash shell?
bash script user input and display data.. pls hlep me??
ending tail -f started in a shell script
why my bash can't execute r script ?
search and sort data from several files
bash or python for extracting blocks from text files
bash arrays: need help with white space
bash syntax question: variable in brackets {} with # comments?
local variable inside  the loop issue
individually execute all files in a directory
command line connect to tcp port, read data, match pattern, print true or false
how to get this bash script to work if the "filename" contains space?
bash script execution date/time
how to make this if statement in bash
display output of a bash command and keeping the output in a variable
creating a file downloading script with checksum verification
how to read using "read" from file descriptor 3 in bash script?
bash scripting problem
pipe many outputs to same file at the same time?
if statement error bash
grepping complex strings in variables.
replace a particular value in a string of key - values
how to find duplicate files with same name but different case that exist in same folder in linux?
how to get the name of the current git branch into a variable in a shell script?
bash scripting challenge
calling a python function from bash script
how to remove command line color highlighting of vista samba shared directories in ubuntu?
bash output as applescript list problems.
how to pipe a here-document through a command and capture the result into a variable?
bash: run command before a script exits?
how do i execute a command from a specific directory with actually changing to that directory
how to simulate the environmen cron executes a script with?
handling metacharacters in search strings
bash configration question, set alias as a sequence of commands?
bash for loop with wildcards and hidden files
email check regular expression with bash script
susbtitution in sed with spaces
store line in a string in bash
bash or python or awk to match and modify files
bash plugin help: auto insert closing bracet with cursor in middle
display characters of a variable
parse a dhcpd.lease file with bash
how can i hide a password/username used in a bash script for accessing mysql?
control processes started by bash daemon
caret search and replace in bash shell
how to automatically add user account *and* password with a bash script
mini project: change the color of the terminal based on the time of day
bash open firefox window, then each subsequent window in tabs
bash, find files which contain numbers on filename
how do i check in bash if a process (or one of its children) is actually doing something (cpu/io)?
horizontal scroll in a bash window
writing bash script to read, compare, and verify external ip address.  need help.
program interaction and testing via bash script
bash script to restart apache automatically
best output format for xargs
cmdline bash variable weirdness
bash rename extension recursive
set values to elements of an array in a function
string comparison in bash
how to create folders using file names and then move files into folders?
ignore/prune hidden directories with bash find command
linux shell scripting
solaris echo " [ " character problem
how to call bash script
how to change icon/emblem of a directory from bash
for loop in bash script
simple way to convert 00:20:40.28 (hours:minutes:seconds.split seconds) to seconds
count specific word in line in bash
run bash with redefined ps1 env variable
double or single bracket, parenthese, curly bracket
how to set an alias inside a bash shell script
bash: copy a folder full of files and folders to an external hdd, but only if there is enough space to complete the copy.
bash - how to call a fuinction declared in a parent shell?
passing bash variables to ssh
how can i tell bash to properly esacape expanded strings?
using awk (or sed) to remove newlines based on first character of next line
bash: test whether string is valid as an integer?
how do i paste text to a line by line text filter like awk, without having stdin echo to the screen?
match url link from input string
how to exit all the calling scripts in bash?
bash: how _best_ to create a script from another script
simple question: how to make a bash script that creates 40 simultaneous instances of a program?
extraction of data from a simple xml file
basics of using cut awk grep and sed...
ignore a path entry with bash tab-completion
using linux "cut" with stdin
how can i find out a files "mime-type(content-type?)"?
how to get the ip address from $ssh_client
how can i compare strings in bash script?
paste to codepad.org using bash or curl
undeletable file due to backup script
bash script to setup a temporary ssh tunnel.
technique to compute next day's date from a date supplied via an arg?
problem with temporary unnamed pipe in bash script
bash: space in variable value later used as parameter
how do you append to an already existing string?
sed replace ' with \'
bash file attribute gymnastics: how do i easily get a file with full paths and privileges?
how do i set environment variable completion in a bash shell on mac
running two bash commands simultaneously on two different computers from one script
bash threading: wait for all job threads to finish doesn't work?
bash, numeric prefix for emacs bindings?
pipe bash output to two different streams
can we change the day and time of  a schedule task which is already created
bash script calls another bash script and waits for it to complete before proceeding
email from bash script
bash script with find command drops me to bash shell
bash alias to python script -- is it possible?
how do i edit the output of a bash script before executing it?
unix commandline history substitution ^foo^bar (for multiple replacements)
how to echo directories containing matching file with bash?
bash case statements evaluate to strings
bash: how do you "split" the date command?
is there a convention for naming 'private functions' in bash?
how to write a bash script to get the time on another linux server?
how to silent output in a bash script?
query in shell script
what is the proper indentation for bash scripts?
using bash to get revision number from subversion
bash and mac os x, open application in space n
storing files inside bash scripts
compare/difference of  two arrays in bash
so how to make mac recognize linux bash?
how do i synchronize (lock/unlock) access to a file in bash from multiple scripts?
bash script directory detection and creation
status bar in bash
bash command to repeatidly emulate keypress on a proceess
while loop never ends
bash scripting and bc
pipe java to grep: why not working?
what is the most compact or efficient way of doing several subsitutions in a file in bash
can i read line from a heredoc in bash?
add spaces to the end of some bash autocomplete options, but not to others?
what does the amphersand indicate in this bash command 1>&2
how to pipe stderr, and not stdout?
picking a random line from stdout
command-line parameters in shell script?
bash while loop calling a python script
bash scripting, checking for errors, logging
bash: subprocess access variables
issue with echo and tab in bash
how to convert timestamps to dates in bash?
custom script in .screenrc
running a bash script over ssh
reading multiple lines in bash without spawning a new subshell?
bash substituion; remove everything after the string
functions in bash with special parameters
concatenate strings in bash
auto confirm eula in bash script
bash, argument list segment
how to let putty change its cursor shape accordingly?
bash variable expansion
negate unsigned number in bash
is it possible for bash commands to continue before the result of the previous command?
using a filename with spaces with scp and chmod in bash
bash or php script to execute stocked procedure on sql server
calculate difference of numbers in two files
processing a log to fix a malformed ip address ?.?.?.x
how to use a pipe in a foreach statement
cd option in bash script
a sufficant way to show logs in a graphical interface using whiptail bash
bash+cron: redirecting, and restoring, stdout and stderr produces permission denied
bash ps1 settings - how to get the current folder back as the terminal title
bash: redirect (and append) stdout and stderr to file and terminal
escaping 'echo' in batch files
how do i preserve newlines in a quoted string in bash ?
bash shell function error : command not found
how to match string/dir in a path using bash scripting
bash: $[<arithmetic-expression>] vs. $((<arithmetic-expression>))
rename several files in the bash.
passing variable through ssh doesnt work
how can i create a temp file with a specific extension in bash?
bash: filter away consecutive lines from text file
using a dictionary file with sed
does anyone have experience with clusters running on clustervisionos?
floating point comparison in shell script
turn off error messages in a bash script
formatting with echo command
import files directly to svn repo without checking out first
redirect stdout and stderr to a single file with prefixes
need help understanding a bash command
what is the best, python or bash for selectively concatenating lots of files?
what happened to the tmp environment variable?
find declaration and definition of function using bash
how to get the call graph of a program and with a bit of profiling information
how to search an expression in a file from a bash script?
how to get the first line of a file in a bash script?
send a command to a process
better way to make a bash script self-tracing?
how to retrieve the first word of the output of a command in bash?
how to build a conditional assignment in bash?
how to replace a line in bash
how to get physical memory in bash
bash init.d script detect that mysqld has started and is running
bash: easy way to put a configurable load on a system?
howto pass a string as parameter in awk within bash script
use a cat + grep as an included source in bash
mixing regular expression and other conditional expression in a bash if statement
fastest wat to sort files
variable assignment in bash
find float in a text file
substitution till the end of the line in bash
substitution after the end of the word
extract substructure from a text file using bash or python
bash: for loop, copy, backup
removing final bash script argument
editing history in bash
cat with new line
bash: syntax error: redirection unexpected
bash: ambiguous redirect
modify comfig file using bash scirpt
can this be done by sed?
how to kill all asynchronous processes
how to parse post data in a cgi script with bash scripting?
messy bash variable
temporary operation in a temporary directory in shell script
improved technique to store a filename in a variable?
awk my number, im supid in bash
bash loop command until file contains n duplicate entries (lines)
bash scripting: i want to open a set of .php files, and add line before html tag
how do i use a file grep comparison inside a bash if/else statement?
bash: how to process variables from an input file?
