querying collections of value type in the criteria api in hibernate
getting hibernate to log clob parameters
maxelementsondisk from ehcache to treecache
is it possible to use analyic functions in hibernate?
is it worth the effort to move from a hand crafted hibernate mapping file to annotaions?
multiple session factories under spring/hibernate
case-insensitive search using hibernate
do you have a common base class for hibernate entities?
what are the differences between the different saving methods in hibernate?
how to transfer data from one database to another with hibernate?
is there a more efficient way of making pagination in hibernate than executing select and count queries?
add (external) relationship (tagging) to existing hibernate entities
hibernate mappings with a descriminator
why does hibernate try to delete when i try to update/insert? wtf?
hibernate: comparing current & previous record
usertype join in hibernate
hibernate: criteria vs. hql
hibernate delete cascade
strategies to avoid hibernate  lazyinitializationexceptions
how to use hibernate @any-related annotataions?
how to stop hibernate from eagerly fetching many-to-one associated object
no suitable mysql driver found for jboss application
creating a custom hibernate usertype - what does ismutable() mean?
hibernate returns invalida results with composite key.
do you always use a second-level cache in hibernate?
setting fetchmode in native hibernate
orm criteria question
hibernate crud à la ruby on rails' scaffolding
what are the disadvantages of auto generating the clases in hibernate
spring & hibernate ejb events
mapping multi-level inheritance in hibernate
querying manytomany relationship with hibernate criteria
session management using hibernate in a swing application
why does hibernate/jdbc/mysql drop connections after a day or so?
hibernate jpa sequence (non-id)
merge with hibernate causing error with dirty objects
hibernate jpa to ddl command line tools
audit schema mapping with hibernate
persisting using hibernate/jpa
how to assign date parameters to hibernate query for current timezone?
hibernate: avoiding reading all the records to memory at once
hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto how does hibernate decide when to create or update the ddl?
how to get distinct results in hibernate with joins and row-based limiting?
hibernate-like framework for c++
hibernate annotation placement question
hibernate auto-discovery and generation of of database mappings to pojos
need an example of a primary-key @onetoone mapping in hibernate
hibernate group by time interval
hibernate and oracle native functions
hibernate: parse/translate hql from part to get pairs class alias, class name
issue with serializing hibernate objects using xstream
using min, max and count on hql
is hibernate good for batch processing?  what about memory usage?
"session closed" error when trying to get a blob from db using getbinarystream()
what is first and second level caching in hibernate?
hibernate: lazyinitializationexception: could not initialize proxy
problem connecting to a remote database using hibernate
how can i represent many to many relationship to the same table/entity in hibernate?
hibernate: how to make hibernate delete records from child table when deleting parent if child is linked to parent with many-to-one?
how do i map a hibernate timestamp to a mysql bigint?
(n)hibernate: core/master mappings with relationships
combo boxes with hibernate
storing dates in oracle via hibernate
how can i set the schema name used by hibernate entities at query time?
hibernate criteria - querying tables in n:m relationship
table per concrete class hierarchy in hibernate
can hibernate return a collection of result objects other than a list?
enumerations in hibernate
problem with "not (a, b) in (select ...)" in jpa query using hibernate entitymanager
how to do custom-query based collection mappings in hibernate?
double-logging in hibernate
self-referencing updates in hql
configuring hibernate logging using log4j xml config file?
how do i map a char(1) to a boolean using hibernate for java?
hiberate problems, jdbc identity_insert is set to off
is there a good reason to configure hibernate with xml rather than via annotations?
hibernate criteria api - having clause work arounds
hibernate daily builds
hibernate/spring application - export to csv
hibernate flush doesn't update database
map (key ,value)
how to add fields dynamically  when using hibernate
hibernate performance tweaks
hql query using group by
hibernate and ids
best strategy to multiple crud with jsf
hibernate id generator
mapping a bidirectional list with hibernate
hibernate one-to-many unidirectional on an existing db
how do i use the current date in an hql query with an oracle database?
how do i map a map from an entity to a value with hibernate annotations?
hibernate/nhibernate mapping file editor
spring vs hibernate
making hibernate not include fields from joined tables in select clause
how do i get sql string from an hql query?
jpa and hibernate fetch ignoring associations?
hiberate: collections of collections
going transactionless with hibernate
what's the difference between different mapping types in hibernate?
how to get sql from hibernate criteria api (*not* for logging)
how to limit user access at database level in hibernate
recording test data in hibernate
fixing warnings from hibernate
how to do orm for this situation?
hibernate - declariing a transient object in a pojo
ehcache / hibernate and rmi replication with large number of entities
hibernate hql query : how to set a collection as a named parameter of a query?
how do sychronized static methods work in java?
hibernate next/previous sibling mapping
hibernate not respecting mysql auto_increment primary key field
how to remove trailing whitespace in a database column?
hibernate annotations - which is better, field or property access?
how do i externalize named queries in a hibernate annotations app?
hibernate: identifier
enum tables in hibernate/nhibernate
hibernate: load a field from a query , but don't insert it to the table
hibernate hql: two levels of joins
hibernate: is there a way to programatically create new tables that resemble an existing one?
hibernate: difference between session.get and session.load
in hibernate statistics whats the difference between load and fetch
hibernate: how to map a *.hbm.xml file in a different folder?
hibernate fetching strategy - when to use "join" and when to use "select"?
hibernate sql audit logging
how do you prevent hibernate/oracle from converting strings with only spaces to null?
zero downtime with hibernate
hibernate is calling public methods on the entities after a query, why?
transaction timeout not working on hibernate with oracle
optimisticlockexception when trying to fetch data from postgresql
can i specify a hibernate relationship with a filter?
hibernate query runs slow in the system, but fast when run directly.
"cached item was locked" + hibernate
hibernate tutorials
how to find a jndi resource inside the hibernatetool ant  task
hibernate <generator class="" > when is it best to use what?
hibernate: retrieve rows that are not joined
oracle deadlock when hibernate application loading data for readonly use
hql order by within a collection
hibernate not reflecting changes
using hibernate criteria, is there a way to escape special characters?
how to import initial data to database with hibernate?
changing a hibernate many-many mapping based on software license flags
grouping in hibernate - stupid question
using an enum as a mapkey results in a raw in the database
hibernate annotations, autoincrement related
hibernate: persist an object as a string?
hibernate uses initial where clause in subsequent queries
hibernate object vs database physical model
treat '0',"-1" as null
hibernate mapping file with dependancies to existing tables/pojos
manipulating hibernate 2nd level cache
hibernate: mapping one-way redundant columns
problem using @secondarytable in hiberante
hibernate: threadlocalsessioncontext: already session bound on call to bind()
hibernate + annotations + validator: length constraint inside embeddedid ignored by hbm2ddl
how to avoid stale mysql/hibernate connections (mysqlnontransientconnectionexception)
hibernate, c3p0, mysql -- broken pipe
how to update a database schema without losing your data with hibernate?
hibernate/mysql connection pooling
hibernate: how declare foreign key without having to code association methods in the domain object?
composite key with hibernate
hibernate: update to sum from other table
how do i make/develop hibernate caching?
hibernate polymorphism: instantiating the right class
no currentsessioncontext configured
hibernate 2nd lvl cache
hibernate status
jpox jdo and castor jdo compared to hibernate persistence
implementing audit trail- spring aop vs.hibernate interceptor vs db trigger
using spring + hibernate transactional cache in tomcat?
hibernat sesson problem new
hibernate dao desugin
hibernate: lazy-loading doesn't work on one-to-many mapping on set
hibernate dao
hibernate lazy initilization problem
hibernate - @manytomany with additional fields in mapping entity
hibernate open session in view
how can i configure hibernate to use context-specific connection information?
hibernate lazy solution. is it right??
hibernate hbm2hbmxml
jpa hibernate one-to-one relationship
get the entity previous  version in hibernate envers
does an orm integrate with existing applications or do i not understand?
map a list of strings with jpa/hibernate annotations
hibernate with relations
how can i create a hibernate collection that will be re-read every time i request it?
hibernate doesn't save and doesn't throw exceptions !?!
using hibernate hbm2ddl.auto=update : how can i alter column not to require value anymore?
myeclipse hibernate does not order property sets by id?
hibernate deletion
hibernate result ordering
hibernate sorting
hibernate @version field error
hibernate deletion problem please help urgent
how to determine collection changes in a hibernate postupdateeventlistener?
best place for index call when using hibernate
how to create a hibernate idbag with a collection-id that has a default value?
hibernate versioning issuing update statment for no reason
hibernate one to zero or one mapping
how to insert record in join table of many to many  hibernate annotation
problem when retrieve data from hibernate many to many relationship
how do i change hibernate logging level
one-to-many mapping // how to map an association of legacy tables (hibernate)
create hibernate collection on two columns
hibernate: mapping 3 tables
hibernate/nhibernate : how to persist subclass as instance of superclass
jpa map<string,string> mapping
how can i optimally update a single property in an object using hibernate?
hibernate l2 caching and many-to-many relationships
obtaining an object state
hibernate order by association
manual initialization of required hibernate database tables
hibernate "preinsertevent.getsource()" nosuchmethoderror.
how to get value form 2nd table with out join in hibernate
will hibernate update the database when a persistence instance has been set but not changed?
detached objects in jdo/hibernate - what are they for anyway?
why would spring's hibernatetemplate's loadall() method generate updates for each row?
interceptor's getentityname is not used. bug in hibernate?
understanding jasperreports and jrbeancollectiondatasource...
how to do hibernate mapping for table or view without a primary key
hibernate onetomany list ordering persisting but reversing?!
hibernate query for entity based on whether related entity property is null?
what is the best way to pull data out of the hibernate layer and into another tier?
hibernate in glassfish - ejb3configuration noclassdeffounderror
hibernate calls flush on find- causes not-null error
how do i restore a transient field in hibernate like readresolve() for hibernate serialization?
elegant ways to handle database views on hibernate entities?
list sorting and ordering problem...
hibernate: delete where record field < getdate()
jasperreports jrbeancollectiondatasource still confused...
how to verify correct operation of hibernate second level caching in a cluster?
why do associated collections contain null values? (hibernate, annotation, spring)
is there any way to declare final fields for hibernate-managed objects?
workarounds for hibernate's lack of delete-orphan support for one-to-one and many-to-one relationships?
getting unique result in hibernate
hibernate one-to-one or component?
using @table with schema name in hibernate 3.3.1ga and hsqldb
manytomany in hibernate without composite keys
hibernate embeddable inheritance
lazyinitializationexception with session scoped bean
left outer join fetch doesn't fill map collection properly (hql)
hql query equivalence: why are them different
custom joins entitys on hibernate
hibernate getting id from createcriteria() result
how to fetch hibernate query result as associative array of list or hashmap
hibernate specific ddl generation
hibernate cascade question
how i can disable the second-level cache of some certain entities in hibernate with changing annotations
hibernate auto join conditions
indexing data in hibernate search
hibernate - selecting across multiple joins with collections
how do i map a nested collection, map<key,list<values>>, with hibernate jpa annotations?
hibernate/jpa - annotating bean methods vs fields
comparing entities while unit testing with hibernate
hibernate mapping a second @embeddable field in a subclass
hibernate table per hierarchy how to
expressions in hibernate criteria
proper way of writing a hql in ( ... ) query
how to lazy load a one-to-one composition via hql
hql order by qurey giving problem
hibernate load usertype object from repository
how to avoid hardcoded field names in hql, hibernate?
hibernate error: cannot resolve table
how to create hbm files from java files??
in memory filtering of not persistent collection with hibernate
hibernate query problem, so close and stumped...
hibernate not using where clause with inner join
hibernate polymorphism
hibernate polymorphic query
how to construct a hibernate query that uses a single element of all elements in a collection?
going from php propel to java hibernate
rolling back foreign key relationships with hibernate
hibernate cascade deletion
hibernate cascade deletion  example
hibernate criteria query with restricted associations
how to maintain null for numeric values when using beanutils.copyproperties?
using different hibernate user types in different situations
cascading updates with business key equality: hibernate best practices?
hibernate example onetomany with compositekey
getting hibernate to do simple updates, instead of enormous select then updates...
what's the default value of the hibernate property hibernate.jdbc.factory_class?
hibernate unidirectional parent/child relationship - delete() performs update on child table instead of delete
bypassing delete_orphans in a transaction when moving objects from one parent to another, hibernate.
hibernate query hints for jpa
hibernate findbyid isn't finding records that it previously found
how to map a set of objects in hibernate without primary keys being equally named?
hibernate annotation join table question
what the heck is a jpa configuration?
why size of lucene index increased if i index the same data?
hibernate ordering
hibernate query (not sql) logging
hibernate set mapped to a 'sql select' table
how to use hibernate interceptors to populate extra fields in a join table?
what is the proper jpa mapping for @id in parent and unique sequence in base classes
how to perform date operations in hibernate hql
hibernate @orderby with referenced class
duplicate entry error in mysql/hibernate
hibernate dynamic instantiations with collections, is it possible?
hibernate: specifying columns in a one-to-many relationship
using hibernate with dynamic eclipse plug-ins
how to add greater than/less than to hibernate filters
disable hibernate auto update on flush on read only synonyms
using ms sql/oracle's xml datatype in hibernate
how can i create a ddl for my jpa entities from java code?
getting the return value of a pl/sql function via hibernate
queries in hibernate polymorphism
hibernate and jpa - error mapping embedded class exposed through an interface
hibernate error : caused by: org.hibernate.nonuniqueobjectexception: a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session:
mysql enum with hibernate
hibernate not fetching public member
hibernate getting on my nerve. delete question on one to one relationship.
hibernate one to one mapping example
hibernate session / transaction design
hibernate for stored procedure access
hibernate: query entities which contain a specified element in a collectionofelements?
hibernate collectionofelements eager fetch duplicates elements
hibernate basic: how to query when there is a composite id
hibernate: sorting by a field from a linked table if foreign key is null
how to implement this query in hibernate?
hibernate property based on sum
class not found exception in hibernate
how can hibernate map the sql data-type nvarchar(max)?
why is hibernate open session in view considered a bad practice?
hibernate bidirectional parent/child problem
hibernate save strange behaviour
hibernate insert into select
how can hibernate access a private field ?
importing and normalising xml with hibernate
hibernaqte exception :org.hibernate.exception.sqlgrammarexception: could not execute query
changing the type of an entity preserving its id
creating object from hibernate mapping
specifying constraint name in hibernate mapping file
how to map a set of enum type in hibernate?
map database column1, column2, columnn to a collection of elements
unreliable hibernate objects
loading javassist-ed hibernate entity
hsql subqueries
lazily loading a clob in hibernate
hql problem
how to make divide(column1/column2) in hibernate criteria projections
@manytomany hibernate question (can add extra field?)
problem with basic attributes java.sql.blob
does anyone know if hibernate and java will work effectively with access?
can use hibernate and tomcat connection pool at same time?
spring user transaction with hibernate
hibernate manytomany
hibernate save object question
was 6.1, hibernate, spring and transaction managmement configuration
problem with utf-8 in create schema by hibernate
store and retrieve image by hibernate
hibernate multi level of transaction
using maven in hibernate tutorial
how configure hibernate for develop test
hibernate manytomany with join table problems on update
equinox (osgi) and jpa/hibernate - finding entities
problem saveorupdate object hibernate (a different object with the same identifier session)
hibernate custom type definitions
getting duplicate entry errors from hibernate, is mysql to blame?
hibernate @onetomany with mappedby (parent-child) relationship and cache problem
hibernate transaction duplicate problem
hibernate second level cache <<net.sf.ehcache.hibernate.ehcacheprovider>>
hibernate vs cfquery
hibernate object identity question
how to achieve "not in" by using restrictions and criteria in hibernate?
hibernate oracle and character encoding
hibernate: is this mapping allowed?
how can i use maven to get the latest hibernate release?
how do i retrieve the class name from hibernate?
hibernate 'tableless' enum mapping?
hibernate: bad performance when removing element from many-to-many relation.
hibernate many-to-one hql query, when inner join fetch property not associated
spring 2 hibernate annotation
clone a table's definition with hibernate (hbm2ddl)
hibernate cannot remove child from database
hibernate one to many using something other than a primary key
how to integrate hibernate with jboss 4.2.x server?
hibernate criteria api - how to order by collection size?
hibernate - how to cascade delete on detached objects
hibernate (with annotations) - how to get started
hibernate doesn't notice database updates made from other source
hibernate manytoone relation to a joined subclass type
hibernate oracle tablespace annotation
jpa/hibernate: can i have a parent without annotations and a child with
hibernate @onetomany - mapping to multiple join tables
does hibernate's mappedby automatically makes applications buggy?
table name troubles with hibernate named query
hibernate and sql server best practicies
hibernate + ehcache, keep missing the cache
hibernate join tables duplicate entry - could not execute jdbc batch update
hibernate increment starting number
hibernate annotation many to many delete problem
how to work with zero dates ("0000-00-00") in hibernate?
retrieve all foo from hibernate second level cache without a query cache?
hibernate criteria contains-in on an association to a table
mapping to varchar and nvarchar in hibernate
hibernate unidirectional one to many association - why is a join table better?
which pattern does hibernate follow?
hibernate @onetomany without a separate join table
joining two tables over a compound index in hibernate
many-to-many the same pk
get annoted hibernate tablename from pojo
how to get hibernate-entitymanager to work with jta out of jboss?
inserting a generated value into a hibernate record
can i make an embedded hibernate entity non-nullable?
how to insert an "optimizer hint" to hibernate criteria api query
hibernate: batch_size? second level cache ?
custom onetoone hibernate/jpa association
how do i rewrite this hibernate-mapping with annotations?
why the name 'hibernate' chosen for hibernate?
hibernate workflow
select in hql (hibernate)
hibernate l2 cache on cluster
hibernate entitymanager + jotm: transactions are not used
update of of composite entity fails
hibernate mapping class
hql 1 to many count() question
hibernate or jdbc
transactional l2 cache in hibernate
how to map inner object using hibernate/jpa without xml/annotation?
persist collection fields with hibernate
transactional strategy for hibernate l2 cache
why do we use hibernate annotation?
how do we count rows using hibernate?
hibernate mapping inheritance
how do you programmatically turn off eager fetching with hibernate?
inheritance via hibernate annotation
determining manytomany vs onetomany using classmetadata
can i have a collection of iusertype instances?
table not created by hibernate
what is difference between delete_orphan and delete ?
attempt to create saveorupdate event with null entity
commandline equivalent to reverse engineering in hibernate tools?
@onetoone getting returned as manytoonetype
hibernate not throwing exception when opensession is called and the connection to db cannot be established
auto generating hibernate entities
cast(val as char) in hibernate config named query
jpa entitymanager, how does it work??
hibernate with tomcat vs hibernate with jboss
loading hibernate property from an external source (hashmap)
why does hibernate not find properties when i have hibernate.cfg.xml in my default package classpath?
hibernate entity sort column configuration
can hibernate's @version consider changes in related entities?
using hibernate sequence generators manually
can't create foreign key
hibernate security apprehension: hibernate vs. stored procedures
hibernate 2nd level cache not caching committed entities
good object structure for results of my hibernate left outer join
a stackoverflow mapping (hibernate)
hibernate logging with log4j
what is the missing parameter in connection pooling?
hibernate mapping package
hibernate search annotations not inherited
how to use the hibernate optimistic locking version property on the front end?
native stored proc v/s hibernate
mapping a list in hibernate by ordering instead of an index-field
nhibernate one-to-many relationship lazy loading when already loaded
how can i decide the no of connection required in connection pooling?
about hibernate namednativequery
hibernate mapping error
[basiclazyinitializer] javassist enhancement failed
how do you enable hibernate query cache on a session level only?
hibernate createsqlquery bulk insert
hibernate update with 1:many mapping
cannot run jboss cache as a second level cache for hibernate in jboss 5
hibernate template close transaction
when i set nhibernate "adonet.batch_size" the sql not logged any more.
generate value for a property in hibernate
mapping a natural key with hibernate annotations
how to detect transaction conflicts with hibernate?
hibernate lazy initialization help
hibernate ignores fetch="join" on a collection when navigating the object tree with iterator
hibernate self join
how to add a hibernate property that's really a query
changing target table for hibernate mapping
how do i make my pojos transactional?
hibernate: clean collection's 2nd level cache while cascade delete items
handling multiple databases with hibernate in a single application
nhibernate using single configuration file to connect to multiple dbs
hibernate query by example (from spring 3)
retrieve emebedded or component using hibernate criteria api
hibernate does not maintain reference. do you know why ?
hibernate usertype nullsafeset - how to know if called for insert/update or select
attributes on many-to-many relationships (hibernate)
@foreignkey in hibernate 3.5-beta1
hibernate: foreign key has the wrong number of columns
how do i join tables on non-primary key columns in secondary tables?
why does hibernate-entitymanager-3.3.2.ga depend on hibernate-3.2.6.ga?
proper way to autowire a hibernate session in a spring transaction junit test
hibernate criteria - exclude records with same id but different attribute values
how to change hibernate's default fetching strategy?
hibernate hql problem using case keyword
hibernate named query parameter
on string creation for queries in hibernate and whether those queries would reduce object creation if they were final static
why doesn't the jpa spec (including 2.0) or hibernate extension allow u to specify a generator e.g. oracle sequence for the @version annotation
mocking a hibernate custom value type
what are good video tutorials for hibernate ?
hibernate default joining for nullable many-to-one
need help with some hibernate relational mappings
hibernate criteria query - class cast exception
hibernate criteria query on different properties of different objects
hibernate inheritance strategy and why
how to use join in an hql update?
hibernate transaction boundaries
hibernate mappings: splitting up the file
cascade on many-to-one association in hibernate
mix hql and sql in the same query
hibernate mapping for situation, where the the key is also used as many-to-one parameter
throwing specific error messages in plsql oracle...catching in hibernate?
how to determine optimum prepared statement cache size when using hibernate
hibernate immutable value object
hibernate: event listener or interceptor, what are the pros/cons in practice?
hibernate queryexception couldn't resolve property
hibernate with zk
hibernate case-insensitive utf-8/unicode collation that works on multiple dbms
compute child table values in formula field of hiberntate
hql join fetch question: aliasing association
hibernate inheritance mapping and attribute override
hibernate - how to use an enumeration as map's key
hibernate and spring persistance problem.  possible identity value not incremented?
hibernate:  projection of a many-to-one in a criteria
hibernate: unmapped class association exception
table called group, hibernate, db2 and hsql
hibernate detachedcriteria in from clause
hibernate: id generator using increment and oracle schema
entity intercepted when a collection element updated
is hibernate entity callback methods are only called by using entitymanager
how to know a entity is going to insert or update
how to limit fetching of entities from sql query.
retrieve auto-detected hibernate dialect
how to query distinct values from map with given key in hibernate?
connection reset by peer error
update father on interceptor
hibernate annotations generating query that produces sqlgrammarexception
hibernate unable to start on large-scale database
insert low_priority or insert delayed in hibernate
design pattern for translatable hibernate models
is there a helper to know whether a property has been loaded by hibernate ?
@immutable vs @entity(mutable=false) in hibernate
issue using hibernate criteria object with composite key
does fluent-hibernate exist?
hibernate cannot recover after socket has timed out
problems with arraylist items and hibernate
how to retrieve data which caused unique constraint violation (via hibernate)?
hibernate question
hibernate sessionfactory
using entity id as a reference in hibernate
implementing result paging in hibernate
java coding best-practices for reusing part of a query to count
hibernate hql query - complicated
hibernate 2nd level cache invalidation when another process modifies the database
how to create and read a sequence in hibernate?
dynamic mapping in hibernate?
weaknesses of hibernate
hibernate with oracle jdbc issue
hibernate constraint violation/error rolling back
hibernate takes 10 mins to throw exception when database is down
hibernate constraintviolationexception in join table
problems using eclipse hibernate plugin - could not locate sessionfactory in jndi
hibernate hql elements error
hibernate: connect to mysql without username or password
upgrade hibernate-annotations and hibernate-validator
hibernate exception
hibernate-validator: @notempty does not work for null values
how to configure hibernate with eclipse galilio
trouble with writing hibernate query
sqlite dialect error with hibernate
hibernate lazy loading
hibernate property formula how 2 get more than 1 row?
hibernate how to retrieve a hierarchy object
onetoone mapping with hibernate/jboss/seam
equals and hashcode in hibernate
hibernate on hypersonic in prodaction?
@secondarytable annotation problem
hibernate on oracle: mapping string property to clob column
fetching join using @jointable with sqlquery
does hibernatetemplate work with envers? if so, how?
help with hibernate collection foreign key mapping
hibernate detached queries as a part of the criteria query
hibernate updating database sctructure with new indexes
hibernate many-to-many association with the same entity
hibernate question on sessions
hibernate foreign key
delete entity that map with another entity
hibernate n+1 from select across multiple tables
run code in hibernate filters
retrieving and loading third level refferenced classes through hql
hibernate how to create createalias left join?
hibernate lazy initlaization exception
hibernate session error
on-demand eager loading
problem with mapping tag in hibernate configuration file
is there a way to define reusable properties to n-hibernate mappings?
tricky hibernate criteria
cast function for hibernate
hibernate hql: how to use a complex left join fetch
hibernate post initialization
hibernate subclass one to one mapping
hibernate criteria api equivalent for "elements()"
hibernate: persisting objects
value object or entity object in my hibernate mapping?
hibernate entity with user defined attributes
hibernate: page results and know the result size
hibernate interceptors : aftertransactioncompletion
problem with sorting on child object in hibernate when order-by is present in .hbm files ?
what does hibernate map a boolean datatype to when using an oracle database by default?
print query string in hibernate with parameter values
how to define an inverse cascade delete on a many-to-one mapping in hibernate
how do i implement tostring() in a class that is mapped with hibernate?
is there any way to observe change in database table throught hibernate?
hibernate causing too many time_wait connections
hibernate query with fetch question
using annotations to implement a static join in hibernate
hibernate - changing connection string during runtime
connecitnf to ms sql through hibernate
hibernate + spring + persist one-to-one relation + empty foreign key
is this possible in hibernate 3.2
hibernate encoding
invalidmappingexception  hibernate mapping file...anybody can you give resolution
how to get hibernate configuration properties?
hibernate map collection with constant key
what are annotations in hibernate?
hibernate: outofmemoryerror persisting blob when printing log message
what happens if hibernate_sequences table is accidentally reset?
hql with a collection in the where clause
multiple @manytomany sets from one join table
delete hibernate entity without (attempting to) delete association table (view) entry
using hibernate criteria api to query many-to-one relationships with projections
many-to-many jpa mapping inserting but not fething the child collections
generate hibernate mapping files (*.hbm.xml) from pojos?
hibernate: order by using criteria api
hibernate free query
hibernate ehcache only finding 1 element of a collection
how to reuse existing connection in open session in view pattern implementation of hibernate?
hibernate query vs criteria performance
hibernate - apply locks to parent tables in polymorphic queries
getting list in order, mapped by join table
hibernate queries slow down drastically after an entity is loaded in the session
hibernate saveorupdate fails when i execute it on empty table.
hibernate mapping conditional many-to-one
hibernate jpa template fetch
hibernate     @generatedvalue  correct?
hibernate transaction question
searching object property in a predefined list using hql
@range based hibernate validation checks
preventing nan from being persisted by hibernate
criteria to hql
get criteria by associationpath
seqential & continuous invoice number in hibernate / coldfusion orm?
understanding hibernate internals
hibernate and flyweight
hibernate delayed validation until commit
hibernate, aliases
hibernate select..where.. in (value1, val2...)
hibernate hql and date
hibernate, insert or update without select.
understanding hibernate first level cache
first level hibernate cache , modify record directly at db
changing the inheritance strategy in branches of the class hierarchy via jpa annotations
hbm2ddl on a column based on genericenumusertype
how can i use a .hbm.xml file as input in hbmtemplate for maven?
modelling a temporal-style relational table in hibernate
many-to-many on the same table with additional columns
workarounds for unresolved hibernate bug when embedded collections contain collections?
cannot do 2nd level cache
hibernate problems with auto increment id mysql 5
using outer joins in hql queries
schema2ddl generates wrong datatype for yesnotype
hibernate delete_orphan cascadetype not deleting orphans when collection set to null
hibernate translation capabilities
how to query a date in hql (hibernate) with joda time?
hibernate: find duplicates
spring hibernates session issue with http request
org.hibernate.hibernateexception: no session currently bound to execution context
hibernate3: self-referencing objects
why are people continuing to use xml mapping files instead of annotations?
how to create tinyint field in hibernate annotation
hibernate mapping
hibernate implicit entity restrictions
hibernate one-to-one entity association with shared pk between 3 classes
hibernate query: find equal objects
hibernate session problem for transactions.
hql : getting the primary key of an object.
hibernate. big results and pagination
mapping multi-level inheritance in hibernate with annotations
grails dynamic database connections?
hibernatetemplate composite key fetching value null
cancel hibernate query
connection hangs after time of inactivity
hibernate : java application must be restarted for data to be realoaded.
getting hibernate exception : org.hibernate.queryexception: could not resolve property
breaking up a large hibernate class
adding a enum as a class property in hbm.
how to use junit and hibernate usefully?
hibernate - manytoone - save - org.hibernate.transientobjectexception:
search result was due to field in hibernate search
how can i remove an item from a hashmap in hibernate ?
hibernate hql query by using like operator
hibernate cascade delete not working when removing element of recreated bean
hibernate configuration xml
how do you turn on a hibernate filter for a particular entity by default?
using hibernate/jpa without relationships and avoiding multiple db calls
hibernate collection handling  basics
hibernate mapping collection by column
embed hibernate hbm.xml mappings in jar
hibernate displaytag big lists
how to connect to mutiple databases in hibernate
set hibernate root folder
hibernate sort by properties inner bean ?
hibernate and order by using column values
hibernate, save the previous state of an object
concurrency in hibernate
how to map a one-to-many collection to a joined subclass when key is in the parent class
how do i persist a java property of type object using hibernate?
how to trasnform query?
query on hibernate entity with user-type field
[postgresql] how to map the type interval in hibernate ?
hassle with hibernate and spring and dynamic proxies
hibernate nullpointerexception in loader class
hibernate - session monitor tool
in hibernate, is there any difference between session.get() and session.load() besides how bad ids are handled?
hibernate transaction problem
hibernate lock wait timeout exceeded;
is there a way in hibernate to set not-null to true on save but not delete in a mapping config?
hibernate search querying ?
hibernate - projection a component
hibernate 2nd level cache objects that are lazy=false, result in a default fetch=join, is it documented anywhere?
why hibernate session.close() does not flushes the data automatically?
hibernate - component mapping vs custom value type
hibernate creates problem for table with composite primary key while generating hibernate classes with eclipse
entitymanager.merge inserts duplicate entities
hibernate - delete hql in eclipse hibernate tool
hibernate/jpa/hsqldb enum issues...
are hibernate and rdlc alternatives to each other?
two mappings for one database table
using hibernate 2nd level cache or query cache for lazy fetch queries
storage of auditable fields per entity
hibernate query cache - for objects not in the 2nd level cache - risky? usefull? bad practice?
@primarykeyjoincolumn with bidirectional @onetoone relationship
not able to save composite foreign key
special driver to connect to sql server 2008 express
want each call to save to commit
string value is truncating when saved to the database
hibernate auto increment id
how to simple add an object to a collection in hibernate from client
hibernate criteria: eagerly load manytomany collection
limit associated entities loaded through a hibernate criteria
why does hibernate not force you to mark fields as virtual, but nhibernate does?
how to set query to be read uncommitedd?
before calling session.gettransaction, do i have to ensure one exists?
hibernate list operation question
using hibernate to 'order by' a column which having a expression(sum, max, ...)?
hibernate, mysql views and hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto = validate
hibernate, gwt and gilead: sessions, transactions and caches
hibernate::map maping
does hibernate 2nd-level cache invalidate when running a jpql update statement
hibernate creates two primary keys when i only want one...
how to get a distinct result, but return another column in the select?
many-to-many mapping not working, one side is set to inverse.
unit of work in a java 'main' application
hibernate session keeping track of objects
add a group by to a hibernate criteria-query without projection
can we use union in hibernate
if hibernate can generate the db schema, how to tell it to create a column of nvarchar(max)?
hibernate - uniqueresult silently fails
ids not available from proxy object
hibernate: when to use getsession() and when to use getcurrentsession()?
hibernate query taking very long time
hibernate validation and spring 3.x
hibernate one-to-many cascade efficiency
mapping hibernate "custom" subclasses
hibernate validator error - 4.0.2.ga
lazy loading...
hibernate resolve foreign key lookup id by name
how to sort through an association table in hibernate?
please help me with mysql slow query analysis.
jpa hibernate: how to prevent join on retrieving?
hibernate search api with 2 tables
hibernate clear collection with all-delete-orphan and then add to it causes constraintviolationexception
hibernate and unexpected end of subtree exception
elegant way to handle upsert with hibernate and mysql
group by month with criteria in hibernate
hibernate connection pool
swarmcache hiberanate configuration
how to execute sql-script file using hibernate?
hibernate mappingexception unknown entity: $proxy2
can't stop hibernate from writing log to console (log4j.properties is ok)
illegalargumentexception: argument type mismatch in hibernate
setting up nhprof for hibernate
manytomany assoicate delete join table entry
is it possible to load an object, it transient state from the get go?
recipe for upgrading jboss 5.x hibernate to 3.5.x?
best way to update some fields of a detached object on hibernate?
save blob to db using hibernate
hibernate: check if object exists/changed
hiberate save-update listener and ascertaining field changes
hibernate inheritance search
why is it recommended to avoid unidirectional one-to-many association on a foreign key?
is it a missing implementation with jpa implementation of hibernate??
hibernate doesn't work anymore... why?
@onetomany without inverse relationship and without a join table?
hibernate: how to remove an entity to which noone refers to in manytoone?
hibernate mysql transaction configuration issue
use two databases concurrently in hibernate
hibernate  : how to configure the flush after every rw-d operation ?
is possible to set validation order with hibernate validator?
hibernate query that orders an attribute based on a nested path.
hibernate multi user environment
is it possible to have foreign key enforced without object-to-object mapping
persisting large files with hibernate annotations
issue persisting long strings with hibernate
hibernate - hbm.xml automatic generation from db schema
queries with hibernate
add new entity to persisted collection
hibernate:  foreign key is primate key
controlling hibernate's generated subselect
how to validate hibernate mapping against database
hibernate: constraintname is null in mysql
does hibernate auto-rollback programmatic transaction for unhandled exceptions?
hibernate: how to set null query-parameter value with hql?
strategies for designing a database (being accessed by hibernate) which will have alot of archivial data.
terracotta with hibernate and ehcache
hibernate not creating correct fields for clobs in mysql
hibernate many to one delets all parents when a child is deleted
hibernate - how to cascade deletes using annotations where only unidirectional child relationship is specified
hibernate: how to setup on-delete="cascade" in one-to-one relation
hibernate: how to exclude a class which is part of a join using the criteria api
hibernate bi-directional many-to-many cascade confusion
how to setup hibernate @manytomany association with cascades on both foreign keys?
converting a hql-query which includes elements() to criteria api
criteria query with restriction across a joined subclass problem
what does ga means in hibernate versions?
spring + hibernate : a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session
differerence between hibernate types: boolean, yes_no, true_false
how does the new keyword in hql work?
hibernate query not returning full object
how to define usertype' s name globally in hibernate?
spring  hibernatedaosupport keep the same session ?
count(*)  in hibernate criteria ?
why delete-orphan needs "cascade all" to run in jpa/hibernate ?
get children count via hql
spring-hibernate dao naming convention?
hibernate query with conditions in a complex db structure
hibernate (jpa) cascade - retrieve id from child
hibernate annotation for postgresql serial type
save more than object with the same identifier into a database in the same session????????
nullpointerexception on merge()
hibernate: why @onetomany with list<myclass> fails?
hibernate composite primary key contains a composite foreign key, how to map this..
hibernate hql: get count of results without actually returning them
hibernate, null values and nativesql
hibernate - query caching/second level cache does not work by value object containing subitems
spring hibernate query help
hibernate -using table per subclass - how to link an existing superclass object to a sibclass object
what should be in a two days hibernate training
(lazy) left outer join using the hibernate criteria api
optimizing an orm-based model post-launch
hibernate criteria: left outer join with restrictions on both tables
typesafe primary key in hibernate/jpa
some help with hibernate criteria query
hibernate convert proxy to real object
hibernate + postgresql with case insensitive searching
audit trail in hibernate with new and old values using an interceptor
image upload problem
hibernate filters break the second level cache
stack overflow whilst cascade saving nhibernate entity with custom generator
hibernate: enabling lazy fetching in criteria api
using hibernate to do a query involving two tables
hibernate computed criteria order
nhibernate multiple component properties of the same type in a class
hibernate hbm2ddl and ms sql server: long as column of numeric data type
is it possible to create indices on join table using hibernate annotations and hbm2ddl?
designing objects for hibernate
when does retrieving a hibernate proxy's id initialize the proxy?
hibernate mapping through another entity
hibernate 2nd level cache + ehcache issue when trying to get data (list of object) from cache memory
spring  hibernatedaosupport : lazy-loading problem ?
hibernate one-to-one mapping problem.
how to map these classes with hibernate?
why this simple hibernate sample doesn't work?
outofmemory when reading big amounts of data using hibernate.
hibernate sequence weirdness with db2
in nhibernate, map 4 similar columns to list<string>
hibernate  reference column in table to indicate how to unmarshall an attribute in a different column in the same table
how to configure hibernate 3.3 in eclipse galileo?
[hibernate]relation many-to-many with attributes : how ?
hibernate criteria and multiple join
hibernate lazy loading + jersey rest = eager loading?
hibernate annotation + aspectj -> attributes names pbs in hql
get hibernate transaction status
best way to override hibernate's lazy loading in this instance.
hibernate: more than one relationship using the same join column
hibernate criteria api and scalar subqueries
"select ... for update" not working for hibernate and mysql
hibernate many-to-many mapping and cascade=delete
hibernate optimistic locking with lazy onetoone associations
help with foreign key mapping in hibernate (spring)?
how to export "autonumber" field from one database to another using hibernate?
override of an hibernate validator annotation ?
nhibernate fires sql commands
prevent the same object from being associated to two different sessions in hibernate
recover hibernate session state after a failed insert
java spring-hibernate mapping question?
using restrictions.disjunction over @jointable association
constraint error in hibernate
how to use second level cache for lazy loaded collections in hibernate?
persistence.xml ignores hibernate and chooses datanucleus
use of insert and update attributes
hibernate tool for weblogic 9.2.1
confusions in hibernate mappings
hibernate for ontologies?
hibernate and ehcache replication
error in hibernate constraint
how to use hibernate full text search
how do i create a hibernate criteria to order by some properties of collection
handling hibernate unsupportedoperationexception: can't write to a readonly object
hibernate hql with interfaces
hibernate composite key
not able to delete
object references an unsaved transient instance - save the transient instance before flushing
hibernate and netbeans application
taking advantage of hibernate lazy loading?
composite id in hibernate+postgres breaks due to returned column order
error in creating alias in formula tag
ignore hibernate @where annotation
problem in using indexes with sql server 2005 and hibernate
hibernate  -gett the size of a list in a property
projections.count() and projections.countdistinct() both result in the same query
how do i query for objects with a value in a string collection using hibernate criteria?
how do i embed a string array into an entity (jpa)
no mapping for longvarchar in hibernate 3.2
mapping two tables 0..n in hibernate
how to validate database schema programmatically in hibernate with annotations?
how to force hibernate 3.3 or 3.5 to use cglib instead of javassist?
"cascading" a hibernate entity listener?
hibernate, instrumentation and delete cascade order
hibernate: transaction not successfully started (threaded webapp) problem!!
hibernate casts bigdecimal instead of integer
hibernate: many-to-one using formula
hibernate map mapping problem
how can i turn off the majority of hbm2ddl's output in the console in ant?
hibernate fetchmode joine
obtaining a new session from hibernate for a background thread.
with hibernate, an interceptor receives the same collection object as current and previous, how do i get real current and previous values?
hibernate - staleobjectstateexception in query possible?
hibernate parent-child modeling
is it possible to get the sql alias of a join table for a hibernate sqlrestriction?
hibernate running random queries.
hibernate, mysql, glassfish v3, and jta datasource
how to join tables in unidirectional many-to-one condition ?
value of 0 in hibernate indexcolumn mapped with base=1
how much overhead do frameworks like hibernate bring?
ordering results by computed value in hibernate
remove dinamically an ordering to the result set in org.hibernate.criteria
how to implement lazy loading in hibernate
passing parameter to hbm2ddl
define name query in orm.xml with jpa and hibernate
hibernate update does not update anything
hibernate session is closed
fetch last record in mysql
hibernate.properties classpath conflict
how do i left join tables in unidirectional many-to-one in hibernate?
hibernate tool to create basic mappings based on a mysql db
generating a swing/gui from hibernate
hibernate session not getting created.
having an issue with org.hibernate.sessionexception: session is closed! in hibernate
effective entity update in hibernate ?
passing jdbc url from maven to hibernate.cfg.xml
hibernate - how to map an enumset
getting my webapp to be database agnostic with hibernate...
using hibernate validator with jpa and spring
hibernate - avoiding unnecessary join when using foreign key in where close
hibernate best approach for one java class and multiple tables?
a maven2 mojo that uses hibernate: how to control logging?
hibernate subclass which has multiple discriminator values
using a hibernate mapkey that's not unique within a table
hibernate database connection configuration
best practice to return a result flag after saveorupdate in hibernate ?
hibernate: parent/child relationship in a single-table
why use hibernate/nhibernate?
is there a way to combine streaming data retrieval with hibernate?
how to specify connection release modes in hibernate?
null pointer exception at org.hibernate.tuple.abstractentitytuplizer.createproxy
hibernate criteria query on association
how can you remove a criterion from a criteria?
hibernate - one design problem
how to point to other table's id with hibernate?
hibernate - problem in parsing mapping file (.hbm.xml)
hibernate: hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=update show generated sql
hibernate - ehcache - which region to cache associations/sets/collections ??
optional parameters with named query in hibernate?
how can this be done with (n)hibernate?
hibernate - why use many-to-one to represent a one-to-one?
hql multiple updates. is there a better way?
how to make query on a property from a joined table in hibernate using criteria
custom entitynotfounddelegate
nhibernate hql sql server 2005 / 2008 containstable
in hibernate how do i always use db server's timestamp?
hibernate orm for a view
tips for resolving hibernate/jpa entitynotfoundexception
turn off hibernate logs for certain query
hibernate persist order
