scala abstract type bounds cross referencing
is scala the next big thing?
how to count rows in lift (scala's web framework)
explicit type conversion in scala
"arrays" in scala
real-world examples of scala applications?
getting the string representation of a type at runtime in scala
scala: how to create xml nodes from some collection
java/scala shutdown hook -noclassdeffounderror
how to use scalax.io.commandlineparser?
scala combinator parsers - distinguish between number strings and variable strings
scala syntax - pass string to object
better way to access tuple(other than match case)
is it possible to add a method to a built-in type in scala?
is there syntactic sugar for binding a value inside an anonymous function in scala?
building a scala app with maven (that has java source mixed in)
lazy loading some config params, trying to come up with a pattern in scala...
non-mathematical use cases for functional programming ?
idiomatic scala map manipulation
which is the best ide for scala development?
how do i configure jedit for scala projects?
how to write eclipse rcp applications with scala?
unit testing scala actors
scala programming for android
how to write a nice low-pass-filter in scala
scala -> use .net (linq) and java (various frameworks) in the same program?
how does one write the pythagoras theorem in scala?
is there a way in scala to convert from any map to java.util.map ?
is scalas/haskells parser combinators sufficient?
iterating over java collections in scala
factory methods for implementations of java interfaces wrapped with scala implicits?
ebnf to scala parser combinator
creating a parametric graph type in scala
scala remote actors
does scala's pattern matching violate the open/closed principle?
unpacking tuple types in scala
scala: splitting a list using a predicate for sublists
how does the "specs" bdd framework for scala work?
type parameters versus member types in scala
what is the rationale behind having companion objects in scala?
do you plan to use the scala programming language and on what project?
generic wildcards in variable declarations in scala
scala covariance / contravariance question
scala turning an iterator[option[t]] into an iterator[t]
scala and interfaces
scala equivalent of new hashset(collection)
scala best way of turning a collection into a map-by-key?
converting java collection into scala collection
scala collection standard practice
scala non-covariant immutable set
scala do i have to convert to a seq when creating a collection from an iterable?
scala api design; a service which returns a set<i> where i is some interface (abstract/trait)
scala map: mysterious syntactic sugar?
what is the _root_ package in scala?
what's the scala syntax for a function taking any subtype of ordered[a]?
how do i implicitly convert tuples to vector in scala
what are the key differences between scala and groovy?
enterprise scala
web application development on scala
what's so great about scala?
how should i specify the type of json-like unstructured data in scala?
how to add external library to the classpath in scala's interpreter?
is there any wicket-like web framwork to use with scala (not lift)?
pattern matching a string as seq[char]
why does the empty string not match as seq.empty?
unit testing scala
is scala.net production ready?
why does scala have very little enthusiasm about it?
how is pattern matching in scala implemented at bytecode level?
scala xml serialization
scala lift framework, ajax form that submits multiple values?
why cannot this.type be used for new instances
what are some example use cases for symbol literals in scala?
scala: is there a way to use priorityqueue like i would in java?
use class variables as constants in scala
learning scala or haskell
creating a jar file from a scala file
abstract types / type parameters in scala
this seems awfully repetitious for scala...
how do i create a map with a type parameter of class
what are stackable modifications?
what is the best way to format a string in scala?
mapping over sublists in scala
what does single appostrophe mean in scala?
how can i construct and parse a json string in scala / lift
why is partialfunction <: function in scala?
scala: how do i cast a variable?
how to check existence of a program in the path
scala swing event framework - where do i add my reactors?
using @autowired of spring with scala
scala popup menu
when to use the equals sign in a scala method declaration?
if scala scaled well for twitter, would jruby have done the same?
scala map filterkeys: projection cannot be assigned to a map reference
scala collection.map cannot be added to
code coverage tools for scala
set that match both arrays in scala
does this scala actor block when creating new actor in a handler?
how to write tetris in scala? (code review)
handling properties in scala
scala - modifying nested elements in xml
what's the best scala build system?
logging in scala
scala - replaceallin
gui programming in scala
how to integrate scala language with spring security
how to pass a class object from scala to java?
scala actors as single-threaded queues
scala - which characters can i omit
can scala actors process multiple messages simultaneously?
processing messages concurrently in an actor
using varargs from scala
lift snippet help
scala match decomposition on infix operator
aggregate list values in scala
can scala survive without corporate backing?
how to convert from from java.util.map to a scala map
scala's existential types
can scala's actor framework handle 10.000 actors without stack problems?
should my scala actors' properties be marked @volatile?
scala hmac-sha1 signing?
is there any game engine in scala?
how to set an expected exception using scala and junit 4
can someone explain scala's yield?
functional reactive programming in scala
converting enumeration to iterator
is it bad practice to send an  actor a message from something which is not an actor?
how can i identify a remote actor?
what does the remote-actor framework do if trying to write to a client which is no longer there?
how is scala "filling in" missing arguments to a case class?
how is this case class match pattern working?
scala iterable#map vs. iterable#flatmap
scala/lift question rss feed fetch
what is the purpose of scala language?
static inner classes in scala
how can i convert a java iterable to a scala iterable?
construct a java.util.list from a java.util.set in scala
scala: match and parse an integer string?
question on scala closure (from "programming in scala")
mixin multiple traits in scala
scala regex enable multiline option
scala - java interop: can scala emit enums in bytecode for java to consume?
is there a scala unit test tool that integrates well with maven?
how do i get around type erasure on scala? or, why can't i get the type parameter of my collections?
changing xml namespace with scala
scala constructor overload?
what makes scala's "operator overloading" good, but c++'s bad?
scala as the new java?
should i study scala?
editor does not contain a main type
how do you define a local var/val in the primary constructor in scala?
what the meaning of colon, underscore and star in lift's sitemap(entries:_*) ?
how do i sort an array in scala?
scala equivalent of java java.lang.class<t> object
java.lang.nosuchmethoderror: main when starting helloworld with eclipse scala plugin
can scala allow free type parameters in arguments (are scala type parameters first class citizens?)?
scala - can yield be used multiple times with a for loop?
how do i extend scala.swing?
what orms work well with scala?
use scala to unit test java?
using scala actor framework as fork-join computation?
scala: abstract types vs generics
multiple actor invocation from blocking call
mapping over multiple seq in scala
is there an efficiency penalty when using scala inner functions within non-tail recursive functions?
what good are right-associative methods in scala?
best scala imitation of groovy's safe-dereference operator (?.)?
chained comparisons in scala
what is the scala equivalent of java's classname.class?
lift net.liftweb.http.s#param doesnt works like wiki says
how do you call scala objects from java?
what are the precise rules for when you can omit parenthesis, dots, braces, = (functions) etc?
why can't scala infer the type parameter in this example?
scala factorial on large numbers sometimes crashes and sometimes doesn't
using alternative comparison in hashset
using either to process failures in scala code
idiomatic table cell renderers in scala
scala: keyword as package name
avoiding scala memory leaks - scala constructors
sleeping actors?
case class to map in scala
sorting objects based on double values?
scala traits usage
scala dot syntax (or lack thereof)
preferred way to create a scala list
what are the biggest differences between scala 2.8 and scala 2.7?
is there anything like haskell's 'maybe' function built into scala?
practical use of futures? ie, how to kill them?
scala / lift example of form processing
scala actors: receive vs react
scala: how to define "generic" function parameters?
how to define a cyclic type definition?
calling an blocking actor from within an actor
how to use java collections.shuffle() on a scala array?
programmatically setting repeated parameters in scala
scala: how to merge a collection of maps
does scala anyref.clone perform a shallow or deep copy?
what is the easiest way to deeply clone (copy) a mutable scala object?
what is are differences between int and integer in scala?
how should i organize implicits in my scala application?
scala immutable sortedset are not "stable" on deletion
how do i get started developing for a web using scala?
elements of scala style?
scala closures on wikipedia
scala: what is the difference between while(true) and loop?
scala equivalent to haskell's where-clauses?
read entire file in scala?
drawbacks to using lift (scala-based framework) for webservices?
how to get scala plugin and ajdt to be installed in same eclipse
how to use sbt (simple build tool) with google app engine?
infix operators in scala and jython
how should i think about scala's product classes?
how to instantiate an instance of type represented by type parameter in scala
scala: mutable vs. immutable object performance - outofmemoryerror
writing applications with scala actors in practice
writing applications with scala actors in practice ii
what's the "functional way" to avoid passing state-choosing context down the call stack?
is there a scala version of python's mechanize?
thread.join not behaving as i expected in scala
scala vs. groovy vs. clojure
how to reduce scala (/ java) startup overhead?
is there potential starvation in this code or is it just me?
calculating the moving average of a list
scala doesn't have enums - what to use instead of an enum
alternatives to multimethods in scala or jython
practical examples of using symbols in scala?
table cell renderer using nimbus and scala
common programming mistakes for scala developers to avoid
avoiding implicit def ambiguity in scala
scala bigdecimal division
scala profiler?
how can i force the type of an array when initialized in scala?
does scala's bigdecimal violate the equals/hashcode contract?
what is the benefit from scala ?
can a range be matched in scala?
object converting string into "a"
scala parser issues
what are good application containers for mid-tier services for scala?
is it possible for scala to have reified generics without changing the jvm?
why is clojure much faster than scala on a recursive add function?
maximum size of actor queues?
wanted: good examples for scala database persistence
how to create stand-alone lift web application?
how to write a proper null-safe coalescing operator in scala?
executing a simple task on another thread in scala
call scala code from java?
scala enumeration and readresolve
scala list recursion performance
method call inside actor freezes in scala
how to create non-blocking methonds in scala?
learning sclala.
graph database to store several time based data values, result of simulation
scala's for-comprehensions: vital feature or syntactic sugar?
scala overriding a def with a var
parse error of nested tuples in scala
how to start playing with lift framework?
is there any set of excercises for scala?
how does  compare two different type of objects in scala?
lift image upload, resize, store in database, display
scala implicit usage choices
how to create list from range
ways to improve this code
scala remote actor security
rendering images with processing.org on java servlet
structural type dispatch in scala
how can scala receive multiple parameters in a method definition?
increase jvm heap size for scala?
what is scala blogs that you regularly follow?
how to copy a list in scala
how can i get the max of an arbitrary property from a list in scala?
scala inconsistant type signatures: range.tolist and range.toarray
how to curry a function in scala
get function value of a instance method in scala
question on scala compiler syntax hacking
so i compiled something with maven, now what do i do with it?
can't understand type errors in scala
how would i do multiple concurrency in scala, without the need for messages?
scala: how do i dynamically instantiate an object and invoke a method using reflection?
scala: elegant conversion of a string into a boolean
how to extend java interface containing generic methods in scala
stuck with jvm, sick of java... where to go?
find all nodes that have an attribute that matches a certain value with scala
can you return an unevaluated function in scala?
why do scala implicitly convert char to int?
list of scala's "magic" functions
scala and tomcat -> noclassdeffound stringbuilder?
scala - getting a read-only sublist view of a list
is there a built-in more elegant way of filtering-and-mapping a collection by element type?
how to handle xml character reference in scala?
how many scala web-frameworks are there?
why in spoj we can't code in scala programming language?
how do i setup multiple type bounds in scala?
scala in java code : $colon
hibernate and scala
how to do something like this in scala?
using scala as a scripting language from eclipse
list[map[string,a]] to database table in scalaquery
partitioning an iterator in scala 2.7.5
please suggest direction for my small scala project
error-tolerant xml parsing in scala
overriding equals and hashcode methods for a javabeans implenented in scala
what are scala continuations and why use them?
in scala, how would to declare static data inside a function?
what is the current state of the scala eclipse plugin?
scala extra parentheses printout
java <-> scala interop: transparent list and map conversion
scala case classes questions
library support for scala's notnull trait
when is scala 2.8.0 going to be released?
"dangling" local blocks in scala
when are threads created for scala actors
netbeans scala plugin - no documentation
difference between iterator and stream in scala?
can i run junit 4 to test scala code from the command line?
parser combinator: how to terminate repetition on keyword
how to split a scala script into multiple files
simple type inference in scala
conditional loop conversion in scala
pattern matching functors in scala: mystified by warning
scala: comparing fresh objects
how in scala to find unique items in list
how to control tcp_nodelay setting for scala remote actor ?
scala unexpectedly not being able to ascertain type for expanded function
scala can't multiply java doubles?
what does scala's "try" mean without either a catch or finally block?
scala actors - worst practices?
scala actors and persistence context
scala anonymous function syntax
why it is allowed to point to constructors parameters?
calculating the difference between two java date instances
syntactic sugar for compile-time object creation in scala
how does scalatest syntax work?
easiest way to do idle processing in a scala actor?
lift and eclipse rcp integration
int vs integer: type mismatch, found: int, required: string
scala and swing gui applications
scala build tool and test framework that play nice together?
how to start external application from scala
source.getline - the line index, first line is 1
scala 2d animation library
are there code examples comparing scala and javafx script?
how to access parent element in scala xml
why is method overloading not defined for different return types?
using comparision operators in scalas pattern matching system.
scala: how to inherit a "static slot"?
is there a "self" type in scala thet represents the current type?
scala: set a field value having it´s name in a  string
initializing generic variables in scala
idiomatic io with scala
break or shortcircuit a fold in scala
limiting recursion depth in scala
understanding the different dispatchers in akka 2
how to designate a thread pool for actors
scala: list.flatten: no implicit argument matching parameter type (any) = > iterable[any] was found
scala: why does underscore (_) initialization work for fields but not method variables?
construct xml with dynamic label and attributes in scala?
scala xml \\ copies xmlns attribute. why and how can i stop it?
performing operations on (specifically how to add a list of) long in scala
using type aliases to java enums
scala implicit convertions: 2 way to invoke
singleton scala actor?
scala: how to "store" a function in a var?
how to print a map in scala
a better way to test the value of an option?
symbols or case classes for sending messages to scala actors?
scala errors in eclipse 3.5 using scala 2.8.0b, "syntax error on token string"
scala mailbox size limit
java.nio.bufferunderflowexception when processing files in scala
tuple parameter declaration and assignment oddity
how does one validate the schema of an xml file using scala?
scala: public static final in a class
scala: overflow despite use of long when adding
instantiate object with reflection using constructor arguments
scala 2.8 control exception - what is the point?
can i construct a bigint with any byte array (scala)?
proper way to access shared resource in scala actors
better syntax for scala anonymous function?
jsp or .ascx equivalent for scala?
shortcut for subclassing in scala without repeating constructor arguments?
can't access resizablearray's protected method, swap, from subclass, arraybuffer?
does scala have an equivelant to c# yield?
pass variable number of arguments in scala (2.8) case class to parent constructor
issues with maps and their entries in scala
scala: 'def foo = {1}' vs 'def foo {1}'
can i zip more than two lists together?
unimporting in scala
how the scala script that reads 5g log file from network drive should be modified in order to read last x lines (like 'tail' in unix)?
selection sort in functional scala
does scala support tail recursion optimization?
why are my scala types not matching?
is there a safe way in scala to transpose a list of unequal-length lists?
what is scala -i command-line option supposed to do ?
scala regex multiple block capturing
sala and html parseing
how to implement efficient sorting algorithms for multiple processors with scala?
why doesn't scalac optimize tail recursion?
fold list of tuples in scala with destructuring
scala and tail recursion
cannot get featurespec structure to show up in the output when combined with junitsuite
scala: xml whitespace removal?
include jar file in scala interpreter
what is a proper way to manage a flexible, typed, immutable data structures in scala?
why does scala create a ~/tmp directory when i run a script?
scala 2.8 breakout
is there a comparison between scala and google 'go' language (feature by feature)?
how can i create a typed tuple2 from java / spring?
+=/*=/etc operators on anyval types (int,double,etc...) in scala
scala 2.8 canbuildfrom
scala 2.8 collections design tutorial
scala override methods in child object of class
is the scala 2.8 collections library the "longest suicide note in history" ?
scala and html: download an image (*.jpg, ect)  to hard drive
implicit conversion from string to int in scala 2.8
refactoring val to method results in compile-time error
if the nothing type is at the bottom of the class hierarchy, why can i not call any conceivable method on it?
private and protected constructor in scala
using scala, how does one differentiate xml elements having elements as children, or having text?
how to efficiently processing 300+ files concurrently in scala
to use or not to use scala for new java projects ?
how to flatten a list of different types in scala?
scala: defining main method that can be used by 'java'
lift cometactor: organizing html generated by render and fixedrender
scala: something like option (some, none) but with three states: some, none, unknown
implementing a string class that does case insensitive comparisions in scala
could/should an implicit conversion from t to option[t] be added/created in scala?
how to subclass an object with a var in its primary constructor
scala specs don't exit when testing actors
is there a problem-free way to run scala unit tests in eclipse integrated nicely?
is pretty xstream serialization feasible with scala?
concurrent map/foreach in scala
how can i serialize (and later deserialize) a generic type in scala?
how can i get xstream to output scala lists nicely? can i write a custom converter?
scala: anything like python/ruby development mode?
scala difference between object and class
how to resolve java.nio.charset.unmappablecharacterexception in scala 2.8.0?
approaching text parsing in scala
why doesn't scala source close the underlying inputstream?
need opinion regarding design/architecture of a web application
alternative to anonymous functions for lazy evaluation in scala?
how can i convert scala.xml.elem to something compatible with the javax.xml apis?
scala ast in scala
what is the difference between a var and val definition in scala?
idiom for scala's option when doing equality tests
when should i use scala's array instead of one of the other collections?
using java lib with scala reserved words
can someone explain this article about enforcing race safety in scala.
garbage collecting scala actors
is there a scala identity function?
using generic methods with implicit type conversion
scala parser token delimter problem
why doesn't this match?
parsing recursive structures in scala
why is flatten declared on generictraversabletemplate?
how to write "asinstanceofoption" in scala
pattern matching on a series of values in scala
a list of scala "global" functions?
do i have to create a new object to mix in a scala trait?
scala case class matching compile error with aliased inner types?
thread monitoring for scala actors
accessing scala parser regular expression match data
scala: tracing implicits selection and other code magics
extend scala class that extends ordered
is it possible to use implicit conversions for parameters to extractors (unapply) in scala?
remove characters from the end of a string scala
how to write a lazy, variable argument version of "orelse"
scala treemap strangeness; implementing a reverse-order iterator
scala: partialfunction with state
enums in scala with multiple constructor parameters
scala reflection: getdeclaringtrait ?
can't extend two traits that have a method with the same signature?
match multiple cases classes in scala
getting the correct scala actor sender reference when sending from an different class
regex.matchdata returning null: why not option[string]?
can first-class functions in scala be a concern for allocating a large permgen space in jvm?
default value for generic data structure
scala default values behavior
what is the best book for learning scala for an experienced programmer?
how do you uninstall the scala eclipse plugin?
static testing for scala
scala concurrency slowing down
scala 2.8 and lift status
depp copy of 2d array in scala?
scala: whats the best way to do numeric operations in generic classes?
how to do fast prefix string matching in scala
possible to make a  producer/consumer obj in scala using actors 'threadless' (no receive...)?
lift calendarmonthview sample fails with lift 1.1-snapshot
can i use a block when defining a scala anonymous function?
scala compiler error passing null?
a list of things from java that we will now happily bid good-bye after scala
is there a way to control which implicit conversion will be the default used?
what replaces class variables in scala ?
in scala, how do you define a local parameter in the primary constructor of a derived class?
scala compiler error due to constructor parameter (property) having same name in both base and derived class and used in derived method
any reason for having "val capacity : int" instead of "val int capacity" in scala
can a scala program be compiled to run on any jvm, without having scala installed on the given machine?
scala compilation problem - with java libs
scala on the clr
case classes vs enumerations in scala
is there a scala command-line debugger?
compile scala classes with debug info through maven
why is this option transformed to a string? [scala]
is it a rule that unapply will always return an option?
how to convert x => option[r] to partialfunction[x,r]
where can i find documentation for scala's delayed function calls?
getting object instance by string name in scala
filtermap scala
understanding why "pimp my library" was defined that way in scala
varargs puzzle?
need some help with scala's instance variables
scala case classes in collections
are there any methods included in scala to convert tuples to lists?
is it possible to curry the other way around in scala?
programmatically setting the `type` of an abstract type
using scala actors to create sth like a pipeline
scala bug in concurrent program?
return type of "|" in scala's parser combinators
scala "error: io error while decoding" "with utf-8"
is is possible to capture the type parameter of a trait using manifests in scala 2.7.7?
how do i form the union of scala sortedmaps?
how to add a method to a scala enumeration object?
printing unicode from scala interpreter
extracting nodes only when they have specific attributes with specific values
sort arraybuffer[a] in scala?
does scala run on gwt?
can i get ast from live scala code ?
case classes with an upper type bound
string representation of objects as in scala repl
create a database with scala/lift and a simple interface to log in
compile scala 2.8.x code with apache buildr
declaring multiple variables in scala
rereading akka application.conf when using restarting container in sbt
how to eliminate stack trace when running specs through sbt?
applying a function to a tuple in scala
ant-ivy-scala template: any suggestions on improvements?
scala: how to create immutable map/set from an seq?
getting failure detail on failed scala/maven/specs tests
what is the difference between scala self-types and trait subclasses?
scala traits vs abstract classes
scala: method\operator overloading
question on scala abstract type
monad trait in scala
substantial android development in scala
how to use scala.none from java code
what is the motivation for scala assignment evaluating to unit rather than the value assigned?
any conversion from scala's xml to w3c dom?
difference between abstract class and trait
using undercover with scalatest and mavern
scala raw strings: extra tabs at the start of each line
capturing from java iterators and enumerators
how to create a decent tostring() method in scala using reflection?
logging in scala
an efficient technique to replace an occurence in a sequence with mutable or immutable state
how to expose a constructor variable(sic!) as read-only?
match tuple with null
scala: how can i implement a clone method on a superclass, and use it in a subclass?
making a get request to a webservice from the playframework 2.0
how do i handle unicode user input in scala safely (esp xml entities)
scala: suggestion for an idea for a hands on session
scala: mixins depending on type of arguments
scala: traits and abstract methods override
scala: pattern matching when one of two items meets some condition
scala semantics of equals/hashcode for case classes with traits
generating javadoc for project involving scala modules
pattern matching with multiline xml case
how to let the user switch language in playframework 2
scala and lift and sessionvar that loses it contents
deploying simple scala app(non-webapp) managed with maven
scala:  binary incompatibility between releases
recursive xml in scala
derived scala case class with same member variables as base
circular type parameters definition in scala
is there any scala feature that allows you to call a method whose name is stored in a string?
matching case sub-classes on super type in scala
why and when do i need to follow a method name with _?
scala actors: long running io operations
scala regexps: how to return matches as array or list
mixig abstract type parameters and abstract types in scala
conflicting nested inherited traits
why does seq.contains accept type any rather than the type parameter a?
how to play with specs matchers in scala repl?
why option[t] ?
a light weight scala fork join syntax
what is the purpose of type ascription in scala?
can i pass an object's instance method to a method expecting a callback in scala?
is it possible to specify an anonymous function's return type, in scala?
scala abstract method param question, list of t
use-cases for streams in scala
scala: annotating accessor methods
scala, repeat a finite list infinitely
dependency in traits inheritance
how to get enumeration  value's enumeration definition?
scala: exposing a jdbc resultset through a generator (iterable)
your experience with scala+wicket
does scala have a library method to wrap nullable return values in an option?
scala equivalent to c#'s expression api
what is a simple way to receive snmp traps in scala?
concrete classes with abstract type members
where case classes should not be used in scala ?
why is the + operator for list deprecated in scala?
what does "trait a <: b" mean?
implement a method using a function value in scala
which is the best scala ide?
how to use the scala dispatch library to send a post request to the server in the lift ?
is there a way of publishing akka actors with mina?
how can i match a function signature without getting type erasure compiler warnings in scala.
itaerate over a list, returning the current, next and the element before current
how do you return an iterator in scala?
why does a selectionkey registered to a datagramchannel return a selectablechannel in scala but not java?
scala: where do i find an os project written in scala?
scala equivalent to python generators?
alternative way of implementing a groupby method in scala?
scala import java package appending com
how to mock a method with functional arguments in scala?
how to tackle scala source incompatibilities in 2.8.0?
how is compare different from compareto in this scala code?
implementing a def with 1 parameter as a val of type function1
is there any scala built-in class for capturing an external process's output?
spurious ambiguous reference error in scala 2.7.7 compiler/interpreter?
how to script scala directly in jsp pages?
drop into interpreter during arbitrary scala code location
implementing a java interface in scala
java sortedmap to scala treemap
scala: how to get class of mixin composition?
scala objects not changing their internal state
scala foreach strange behaviour
finding elements in a scala list and also know which predicate has been satisfied
strange gc behaviour of scala actors application
substitute values in a string with placeholders in scala
concurrent processing in scala
in scala, how to use ordering[t] with list.min or list.max and keep code readable
existential quantification over values
many-value map in scala
strange behavior: scala actors 2.7.7 vs. 2.8-snapshot
scala xml building: adding children to existing nodes
merge sort from "programming scala" causes stack overflow
implementing yield (yield return) using scala continuations
reflection api for scala
scala catalog of functional design pattern
scala: parallel assignment of tuples
scala programmer - "should there be one obvious way to do it" or "more than one way to do it"?
type inference on method return type
how can i use map and receive an index as well in scala?
scala project does not automatically build in eclipse
scala xsd library
scala equivalent of ruby's map.each?
how to make scala's immutable collections hold immutable objects.
scala collection type for filter
do self: t => and this: t => have the same meaning when defining a trait?
what’s the difference between scalatest and scala specs unit test frameworks?
non deprecated way of appending an element to a list in scala 2.7.5?
how to read immutable data structures from file in scala
serializing a json object using lift-json [scala]
what is scala way of finding whether all the elements of an array has same length?
reflection on a scala case class
deserializing a json object through lift-json
difference between trait inheritance and self type annotation
scala script to copy files
managing flexible, typed, immutable data structures in scala in 2.8.x
can i limit the size of the array in scala?
how to catch exceptions and redirect to error page in lift?
convert scala set into java (java.util.set)?
scala way to define functions accepting a list of different numeric types
scala equivalent to haskell monads
handling error on insert playframework 2.0 scala
how would be a functional approach to shifting certain array elements?
why does scala's semicolon inference fail here ?
generating scala code trees from a scala compiler plugin
cannot find class manifest for element type t
function working on functions of array[t] or list[t] or iterable[t]
why were the case classes without a parameter list deprecated?
automatic casting in scala
java/scala (deep) collections interoperability
implementing unsafe java interfaces
extending a scala collection
pattern matching with conjunctions (patterna and patternb)
how to use scala internals to compile source faster than fsc (fast scala compiler)
security of scala runtime
how scalable is the lift framework's comet/reverse ajax?
how do you define an @interface in scala?
does scala has gaurds?
scala's implementation of haskell last method
scala: string chomp
how to: debug scala code when outside of an ide
scala: constraint on generic class type
define self referencing scala class(recrusive class)
scala programming question
what is the difference between a view and a stream?
suggested content for a lunch-time "introduction to scala" talk
scala actors suspends unexpected when connecting to a database
scala: given a scala.xml.node, what's the most efficient way of getting the second (or n-th) child element?
scala actors: different behavior on jre 1.5 and 1.6
how to get an java.lang.class of a scala object for an annotation argument
functional equivalent of if (p(f(a), f(b)) a else b
how to make this code more functional ?
how to store child objects on gae using jdo from scala
how can i iterate a list of lists in scala?
good code dojo question for introductory scala?
how can i add scala actors to an existing program without interfering with the normal termination behavior?
how to limit concurrency when using actors in scala?
what is the difference between scala's case class and class
a generic quicksort in scala
looking for examples of how to use "@_*" when doing pattern matching in scala
scala 2.8 actor
how to add tracing within a for comprehension?
executing same piece of code for multiple case values?
how to create xhtml query strings with scala?
how to define accessor method for default constructor parameter?
scala 2.8 - potential problem with named arguments
remove duplicates in list specifying equality function
transforming scala varargs into java object... varargs
what are the relationships between any, anyval, anyref, object and how do they map when used in java code?
how does the notnull trait work in 2.8?
how scala generic constraints to nullable types work
elegant way to reverse a map in scala
use 'map' and stuff on scala tuples?
equality relations in scala
step-by-step explanation of scala syntax used in wikipedia quick sort example
problems with scala swing library
what is scala equivalent of java's static block ?
how to become more productive using scala? (tools, ides)
can i use a scala class which implements a java interface from java?
questions about scala from a rubyist
in scala, what is the difference between using the `_` and using a named identifier?
function.tupled and placeholder syntax
scala @ operator
scala enumeration values not ordered?
in scala, why can't i partially apply a function without explicitly specifying its argument types?
referring to a enumeration value type in a method signature
combining javafx and scala - is it possible?
'deadlock' in scala
how well does java and scala work together?
multiple assignment of non-tuples in scala
array in scala 2.8 (beta)
how can i create a parser combinator in which line endings are significant?
what should be done to have 'value' in the enumeration ?
parser combinator not terminating - how to log what is going on?
how does scala xml support work?
scala: "using" keyword
streaming video in scala designer 5
how to create a compiler action for sbt
can extractors be customized with parameters in the body of a case statement (or anywhere else that an extractor would be used)?
composing actors
can i ignore invalid xml character using scala's builtin xml handlers?
how can implicits with multiple inputs be used in scala?
how to interpret scaladoc?
in scala, can i override a concrete field containing a list and append something to it in the subclass?
slow scala assert
project euler 7 scala problem
how to convert a scala.list to a java.util.list?
generic object load function for scala
how do i alias the scala setter method 'myvar_$eq(myval)' to something more pleasing when in java?
how to access "overridden" inner class in scala?
don't understand the typing of scala's delimited continuations (a @cps[b,c])
scala isn't allowing me to execute a batch file whose path contains spaces.same java code does.what gives?
scala 2.8 implict java collections conversions
scala: why are actors lightweight?
is this the proper way to initialize null references in scala?
scala println in a for loop
how would i express this in scala?
graph library for scala
scala: how to specify varargs as type?
how to split and dispatch an async control-flow using continuations?
scala: can't write setter without getter?
scalac command line parameters in eclipse?
cost of using repeated parameters
when is @uncheckedvariance needed in scala, and why is it used in generictraversabletemplate?
scala version of rubys' each_slice?
launch scala repl programatically?
o(1) conversion from mutable.map to immutable.map?
scala and the java memory model
dependency between operations in scala actors
scala slider throws casting exception
unit testing several implementation of the same trait/interface
is there an easy way to integrate scaladoc into intellij idea?
best scala idiom for find & return
is there an easy way to get the scala repl to reload a class or package?
using option all over the place feels a bit awkward. am i doing something wrong?
how do i create an xml root node in scala without a literal element name?
parameter extends a class
how well does scala perform comapred to java?
why does `array(0,1,2) == array(0,1,2)` not return the expected result?
implicit parameter definition in class
why is there no string interpolation in scala?
convert option[object] to option[int] implicitly
the cost of nested methods
automated java to scala source code conversion?
another java vs. scala perspective - is this typical?
a question about scala objects
self-modify the classpath within a scala script?
scala type inference failure on "? extends" in java code
repeating a list in scala
scala event swing :: chicken or egg
scala 2.8 actors
force repaint after button click <- scala
create and populate two-dimensional array in scala
accessing type members outside the class in scala
what is the proper way to remove elements from a scala mutable map using a predicate
default type-parametrized function literal class parameter
scala for yield setting a value
overriding scala enumeration value
nosuchmethod exception when using scala regex class... confused...
the scala way to use one actor per socket connection
why "avoid method overloading" ?
are scala's mouse events working? how?
why scala's treeset returns sortedset
scala create list[int]
scala  generic function values ( anonymous function ) - missing parameter type ( error )
difference between method and function in scala
what is wrong: "value parsers is not a member of package scala.util.parsing.combinator"?
groovy / scala / java under the hood
how to make a scala applet whose applet class is a singleton?
scala xml: create a node not using literals
would it make sense to have a separate scala library in android market?
how do i implement a collection in scala 2.8?
noclassdeffound error using scala plugin for eclipse
equivalent of public static final fields in scala
scala actors with java interop to underlying com libraries
scala libraries and frameworks
how can i define an anonymous generic scala function?
scala and java real-time system
how are scala traits compiled into java bytecode?
scalaz: request for use case
how do i "get" a scala case object from java?
what are the best features of scala?
why does one of these statements compile in scala but not the other?
simple scala actor question
what are the features of dynamic languages (like ruby or clojure) which you are missing in scala?
scala/erlang uses the greenthread model or not ?
convert a list of options to an option of list using scalaz
modern java alternatives
remove duplicates in entries, scala way
what type of webapp is the sweet spot for scala's lift framework?
why scala is very complex
scala: can i nudge a combinator parser to be locally greedy?
common practice for higher-order-polymorphism in scala
scala for junior programmers?
short way to breakout to specific collection type?
scala passing type parameters to object
variadic templates in scala
using rest webservices as a datasource for lift ?
zip elements with odd and even indices in a list
closures and universal quantification
in scala 2.8 collections, why was the traversable type added above iterable?
<:< operator in scala.
cannot override a concrete member without a third member that's overridden by both
immutability and shared references - how to reconcile?
scala type system : basic type mismatch
what is the most efficient way to create emtpy listbuffer ?
why does option not implement iterable directly?
can one create sized types in scala?
scala xml pattern matching and attributes
how to use objetcs as modules/functors in scala?
scala contiguous match
scala array initialization
generating scala ast for recursive method.
which ide for scala 2.8?
using kate with simple build tool (sbt)
scala downwards or decreasing for loop?
why does scala immutable hashmap methods return a map?
using lazy evaluation functions in varargs
scala type failure in 2.7: is there a workaround?
scala: how can i sort an array of tuples by their second element?
optional attribute values in mappedfield
scala compiler says unreachable code, why?
scala giving me "illegal start of definition"
is there an easy way to convert a boolean to an integer?
lexing newlines in scala stdlexical?
how do i list all files in a subdirectory in scala?
i'm having an issue with a scala script using 2.7.7 - main$$anon$1$$anonfun$1$$anonfun$apply$2
can you return an assignable lvalue in scala?
need help with continuations-error "found cps expression in non-cps position"
by-name-parameters for constructors
is there an equivalent in scala to python's more general map function?
scala: how to combine parser combinators from different objects
bad class file error when using scala 2.8.0-rc1 in javafx 1.2
scala wont pattern match with java.lang.string and case class
in scala, how does one write a class with a constructor, not all of whose arguments are class members ?
scala: can't catch exception thrown inside a closure
how can i take any function as input for my scala wrapper method?
how to access a field's value via reflection (scala 2.8)
is classof[] in scala 2.8 different from 2.7?
very dumb question about intellij idea
how can i check an object to see its type and return a casted object
can you do logic programming in scala?
scala traits and implicit conversion confusion
lift `??` construct and maven example
scala: is it possible to override default case class constructor?
is there an easy (idiomatic) way to convert a java.lang.reflect.method to a scala function value?
how to define a structural type that refers to itself?
can i create a collection in scala that uses different equals/hashcode/compare implementations?
gae jcache numberformatexception, will i need to write java to avoid?
what are all the instances of syntactic sugar in scala?
any way to access the type of a scala option declaration at runtime using reflection?
how to unimport string "+" operator in scala?
how to create sorted map in scala?
parsing of binary data with scala
implementing seq[t] for cps-classes
more issues with intellij 9.0.1 "hello world" in scala - predef version 5.0 vs 4.1
how are scala closures transformed to java objects?
how do i convert pipe delimited to comma delimited with escaping
parser combinators info
have you actually convinced anybody to scala?
what are the exact versions of stuff you have to install in order to be able to step-debug a scala program?
simple scala syntax - trying to define "==" operator - what am i missing?
how do i get the scalaz idea live templates working for the symbolic methods?
how to make ensime work in windows?
what compromises scala made to run on jvm?
scala puts precedence on implicit conversion over "natural" operations... why? is this a bug? or am i doing something wrong?
how do i enable continuations on scala 2.8?
scala 2.8 treemap and custom ordering
scala: "parameter type in structural refinement may not refer to an abstract type defined outside that refinement"
how can i use the scala program schema2src?
how to write two-dimensional array to xml in scala 2.8.0
lazy quicksort in scala
scala's simple-build-tool doesn't appear to run tests
scala: type variance and pattern matching between two equal types
zeroc ice "checked casts" in scala
what is meant by scala's path-dependent types?
scala and httpclient: how do i resolve this error?
using sub-types and return types in scala to process a generic object into a specific one
common idiom in java to scala, traverse/iterate java list into scala list
scala array constructor?
good scala slides and snippets?
calling multiple functions with same instance in scala
can i transform this asynchronous java network api into a monadic representation (or something else idiomatic)?
how to define a ternary operator in scala which preserves leading tokens?
generics and constrained polymorphism versus subtyping
by-name repeated parameters
why is this scala example of implicit paremeter not working?
what's the new way to iterate over a java map in scala 2.8.0?
does the @inline annotation in scala really help performance?
overloading generic implicit conversions
difference between array and list in scala
improving mvp in scala
why scala not allowing '$' identifier in case statement?
traits vs template
declaring functions two ways. what is the distinction?
best method to peek into a scala actor's mailbox
is odersky serious with "bills !*&^%~ code!"   ?
cross product of 2 sets in scala
using scala structural types with abstract types
catch all exceptions in scala 2.8 rc1
scala's tuple unwrapping nuance
scala: when are singleton objects constructed?
is there an implementation of rapid concurrent syntactical sugar in scala? eg. map-reduce
trait implementation
restrictions in trait mixing
using scala-2.8.0.rc1 with maven and intellij 9.0.1
why does this explicit call of a scala method allow it to be implicitly resolved?
what is lift's state idiom?
scala: working around the "illegal cyclic reference"
nested cps "reset"
inheritance and type parameters of traversable
niewbie outofmemory problem
how do i break out of a loop in scala?
scala : reference is ambiguous (imported twice)
scala 2.8 return type for tuple-functions
implicit parameter in scalaz
scala implicit or explicit conversion from iterator to iterable
is there any scala network library with actor model
dynamically create class in scala, should i use interpreter?
overloading on return type ???
interesting scala typing solution, doesn't work in 2.7.7?
initialise a var in scala
what is/are the scala way(s) to implement this java "byte[] to hex" class
a scala remote actor exception
targeting android with scala 2.8 trunk builds
how would i yield an immutable.map in scala?
scala methods ending in _=
ensime scala errors (class scala.array not found, object scala not found)
scala syntax highlighting in bluefish
capture types of varargs parameters
composing independent traits
anybody konws gui dsl on scala?
scala match/compare enumerations
`sbt package` results in huge war file - how to make it smaller?
scala tuple deconstruction
scala eclipse ide suddenly ignoring breakpoints
is there a pattern in scala that add a method to an array object?
is the + in += on a map a prefix operator of =?
is there a nice, safe, quick way to write an inputstream to a file in scala?
should i upgrade to intellij ultimate edition?
static nested class visibility issue with scala / java interop
is scala functional programming slower than traditional coding?
named constructors in scala?
naming case classes in scala.
double variable argument list.
when should i use package and when object in scala?
extending existing data structure in scala.
perfect hash in scala.
scala: what is the right way to build hashmap variant without linked lists ?
what is the standard way to optimise mutual recursion in f#/scala?
how to get ponter/reference semantics in scala.
internal scala compilation. working with interactive.global
how do you code up a pattern matching block in scala?
iterators for mutable collections in scala?
scala xml retrieving from optional paths
how can i get a node adjacent to a unique node using scala?
passing enum parameter to a case class does not work
discovering a functional algorithm from a mutable one
