fundeps and gadts: when is type checking decidable?
what is the simplest way to write web apps in haskell?
exposition on arrows
what are my ide/editor choices for haskell?
orm tools for haskell
how do you make a generic memoize function in haskell?
which haskell package contains given module.
f# vs haskell, which is better for general purpose programming?
using functional programming in the real world
haskell syntax case expression in a do block
where next, after haskell?
hidden features of haskell
haskell: inserting every line from a file into a list
functional metapost in 5 steps
implement zip using foldr
new to functional programming
doing a binary search on some elements in haskell
haskell string list through lines
haskell io and closing files
how much math do i need to become productive in haskell?
haskell on windows setup
haskell typeclass shorthand
multiple type parameters in haskell type classes
how can i simplify an expression using basic arithmetics?
primitive recursion
primitive recursion
how do i simplify the below expressions using primitive recursion ????
understanding the type error: "expected signature int*int->int but got int*int->int"
how can i evaluate an expression?
how can i write an addition of two items in a string representation???
how do i convert a variable to a string?
what type of scope does haskell use?
when is the difference between quotrem and divmod useful?
haskell interactive
book / tutorial / reference on haskell for rusty haskell but experienced functional programmer
haskell function application
explanation of “tying the knot”
what are your favorite programming-related academic papers?
ghc + wxhaskell on windows
c stack overflow on project euler problem 27
automatic migratiion between different persistent backends
turn this recursive haskell function into a map call
where do theses values come from in this haskell function?
convert haskell int with leading zero to string
how long does it take for you to be comfortable with haskell?
how do you do generic programming in haskell?
what are some good haskell primers/tutorials for beginners?
turn these haskell int lists into a different one
restricting a monad to a type class
implications of foldr vs. foldl (or foldl')
haskell, lisp, and verbosity
save graphs in haskell
when should i use $ (and can it always be replaced with parentheses)?
mutual recursion -- can someone help explain how this code works?
show a list of words repetited in haskell
exersise in haskell
typed fp: tuple arguments and curriable arguments
how to handle this exception?
haskell parser error in where clause
how haskell tail recursion works?
creative uses of monads
how composite function with arbitrary arity in haskell?
is it possible to print all reudctions in haskell - using winhugs?
haskell rest/gdata api library
which is more efficient in haskell; pattern matching or nest if/switch statements?
ambigous type variable error msg
destructuring tuples in haskell?
how to catch arbitrary exception in haskell?
function application: why is $ used here?
how to reduce memory usage in a haskell app?
when to exploit type inference in haskell?
is there a built-in haskell equivalent for c++'s std::bind2nd?
what does a pipe in a class definition mean?
concise haskell book
is it possible to change the step size of the built-in haskell range function or literal?
what are the relative merits of wxhaskell and gtk2hs?
how thoroughly should one learn languages like c, asm, lisp, haskell?
can you create more than one element of a list at a time with a list comprehension in haskell?
using foldl to count number of true values
efficient string implementation in haskell
what is stream fusion
use of haskell state monad a code smell?
implementing a cache
mutli-core haskell on windows
dot operator in haskell: need more explanation
why don't haskell list comprehensions cause an error when pattern match fails?
where are the clever uses of strict evaluation?
haskell: recursion with array arguments
in haskell how do you extract strings from an xml document?
how to mix binding (<-) and assignment (let) in one line? (in haskell)
how do i use haskell's ffi on structs?
references for learning the theory behind pure functional languages such as haskell?
haskell: how to pipe the contents of one handle into another in real time.
haskell - how to best to represent a programming language's grammar?
haskell: error trying to call putstrln in funciton
making small haskell executables?
is there a quick-starting haskell interpreter suitable for scripting?
why is this type variable ambiguous?
changing search-dirs for $ sudo gcc
haskell script running out of space
how do i write the qualified name of a symbol in haskell?
which functional programming language should i use?
how to do conditional compilation in haskell?
haskell streams with io effects
how to express {2n+3m+1|n,m∈n} in list comprehension form? ( n is the set of natraul number including 0)
jquery like selector in haskell
how can i easily see the output from a template haskell statement?
defining a seemingly simple foldable instance
what's the fuss about haskell?
please confirm or correct my "english interpretation" of this haskell code snippet
a gentler introduction to functional programming
critique this late night, noob haskell code
is ghc able to tail-call optimize io actions?
haskell image processing library?
haskell: replacing element with a given key in an association list
why does this haskell code produce the "infinite type" error?
haskell cons operator (:)
view reduction steps in haskell
should i use ghc haskell extensions or not?
fully parenthesizer for haskell
haskell or standard ml for beginners?
haskell parsing tools - yacc:lex :: happy:?
haskell: looking up the second value of a tuple in a list based on the first value
how does haskell know which typeclass instance you mean?
compare strings in haskell
haskell: printing out the contents of a list of tuples
can 2 or more equations defining a function in haskell share the same where / let block?
guidelines for applying dry in haskell function definitions
how do i install nano-hmac on mac os x?
haskell: writing text files and parsing them back to original format
haskell "do nothing" io, or if without else
is it recommended to always have exhaustive pattern matches in haskell, even for "impossible" cases?
why does this haskell code work successfully with infinite lists?
how do you combine filter conditions
how do i create two mutual producer/consumers with internal state in haskell?
compare string contents in haskell
why does this first haskell function fail to handle infinite lists, while this second snippet succeeds with infinite lists?
why are haskell algebraic data types "closed"?
is this a correct way of writing the haskell foldr function?
elemindices in haskell
first column of a matrix given as a list of rows in haskell
haskell: creating type classes for zippers
what is the type signature of this haskell function?
haskell style/efficiency
"type error in conditional" in haskell
confusion about currying and point free style in haskell
could someone explain these haskell functions to me?
what are zygo/meta/histo/para/futu/dyna/whatever-morphisms?
haskell: can't use "map putstrln" ?
run a same haskell application take diff time
haskell: difference between . (dot) and $ (dollar sign)
error handling in haskell with either monad
sparse arrays in haskell?
haskell graph drawing on windows
exemplary haskell game code
specialization in type classes using ghc
what is a "spark" in haskell
haskell: show screwed up?
how to create unboxed mutable array instance
what to do with “inferred type is less polymorphic than expected”?
how to mock for testing in haskell?
haskell type vs. newtype with respect to type safety
does haskell have variables
haskell 64 bit numerical type
pass pointer to an array in haskell to a c function
haskell polymorphism and lists
is there a haskell compiler or preprocessor that uses strict evaluation?
haskell ffi: calling funptrs
translating "why functional programming matters" into haskell
[haskell] case-insensitive regular expressions
how to learn haskell
haskell: type classes question
haskell ffi: foreignptr seems not to get freed
haskell vs. procedural programming in the real world
haskell foreign import stdcall on dll function
multiline matching in haskell posix
how do i get the values of #define-d constants?
haskell lists of datatypes
how does 'get' actually /get/ the initial state in haskell?
how to move an element in a list in haskell?
how can i set up a simple test with cabal?
which xml parser for xml is better?
on cygwin, how do i install curl from hackage?
problems with scrolling in textview in gtk2hs and haskell.
haskell: overlapping instances
type classes in haskell data types
haskell: generic ioref, mvar?
haskell quiz: find words with a given suffix
simple haskell graphics library?
haskell build automation
haskell cabal+hsc2hs
generating fibonacci numbers in haskell?
what are some good intermediate problems and projects for learning haskell?
mail reader using haskell
how can i initialize state in a hidden way in haskell (like the prng does)?
how do i combine monads in haskell?
haskell: monadic takewhile?
haskell: faster summation
concurrent db connection pool in haskell
plot data reconstruction reading pixel colors from image files
what does the "@" symbol mean in reference to lists in haskell?
haskell: any debugshow function?
haskell: can i use a where clause after a bloc with bind operators (>>=)?
values inside monads, nested in data structures?
"could not deduce (marray (stuarray s) int (st s)) from context ()" when applying runst
haskell function cheat sheet
how do i test if a floating point number is an integer in haskell?
where can i find some good documentation about haskell programming language?
why has haskell so big numbers ?
defining multiple-type container classes in haskell, trouble binding variables.
simple haskell question
simple library to do utf-8 in haskell (since streams no longer compile)
another simple haskell question
absolute values in haskell
haskel hello world, exclipse ide
haskell and quadratics
haskell equivalent of python's "construct"
haskell parsing error
simplifying some haskell code
printing a result during a recursion in haskell
finding the leaves of an inductively-defined tree
iterating a function and analysing the result in haskell
running a compiled haskell program; getting errors
integrating haskell in non-functional projects
iterating with respect to two variables in haskell
install haskell cabal w/o manual dependency resolution
is haskell mature enough for developing commerical web applications?
n-queens in haskell without list traversal
palindromes in haskell
using haskell for sizable real-time systems: how (if?) ?
failed to try  function "permutations" in ghci , haskell
string interpolation in haskell
where bindding in haskell
comparing 3 output lists in haskell
how do i read or write gtk treestores from/to files?
loop through two variable in haskell
(emulated) macros in haskell?
ghc parse error which i do not understand
haskell: hstringtemplate inheritance example?
haskell: parsing error with 'where' and a guard
haskell: surprising behavior of "groupby"
getting the local appdata folder in haskell
introduction or simple examples for iteratee?
haskell: -fglasgow-exts should one avoid code that requires this?
how do i remove every occurance of a value from a list in haskell using prelude?
summation notation in haskell
haskell: type inference and function composition
is there an encyclopedia/list of common type classes in haskell?
how does type deduction work in haskell?
haskell, hdbc, odbc, mysql and mac os x
mysterious word ("lps") appears in a list of haskell output
which haskell xml library to use?
how to format numbers according to locale in haskell?
wx file error when using haskell
haskell converting float to int
split bytestring on a bytestring (instead of a word8 or char)
haskell sample projects
how to organize files in haskell programs?
haskell - functional programming help
complex iterations in haskell
problem using network package in ghc
how to work with assertequal with parameterized types
haskell - how to generate permutations
how to iterate in snap framework without cabal install
troubleusing map in haskell
how to import a .hs file in haskell
awkward monad transformer stack
write a haskell interpreter in haskell
testing quickcheck properties against multiple types?
why is ghc evaluating my infinite list?
many types of string (bytestring)
how to structure haskell code for io?
generate vector code from haskell?
casting an mmapped bytestring to other types?
is it better to use the state monad, or to pass state recursively?
instance of fractional [char] required for definition?
libraries "rt" and "dl" in cygwin
haskell function composition
what uses have you found for higher-rank types in haskell?
how to specify type for bulk list assignemets
making a list of divisors in haskell
haskell function taking a long time to process
detecting cyclic behaviour in haskell
call an haskell function in .net
something like mapm, but for arrays? (like arraymap, but mapping an impure function)
problem using map with a list of lists in haskell
finding index of element in a list in haskell
is there a way to optimise this program in haskell?
can i write components in haskell to be used on a django site?
haskell compilation problem
how do i do python-style indent/dedent tokens with alex/haskell?
pattern match data types and their nested name in haskell
writing a time function in haskell
how to programmatically retrieve ghc package information?
how to get haskell syntax highlighting on php blog
concatenating a list of numbers into one integer in haskell
haskell recursive problem, tiny parser. negation of expr and let expressions
why is haskell throwing a 'cannot construct infinite type' error?
guard is skipped when it should not be.
why does haskell interpret my num type as an enum?
return specific type within haskell
how is (==) defined in haskell?
optimisations for a series of functions in haskell
haskell: force floats to have two decimals
does functional programming mandate new naming conventions?
how to install haskell openid package in windows
evaluating parsed expression in haskell
how can i resolve this ambiguous type variable error?
haskell. why array faster then lists ?
really dumb question about haskell
haskell. strict application $!
haddock for cabal-installed modules?
haskell lexer problems
issue with haskell's "do"
operate on values within structurally similar types in haskell
pattern matching string prefixes in haskell
ok, enlighten me as usual stackoverflow: what is haskell actually useful for?
explanations about the mechanics of a simple factorial function
intermediate lists in haskell
haskell & oracle
filtering list of tuples
laziness and tail recursion in haskell, why is this crashing?
finding if two numbers have the same digit and then remove them from in the original number in haskell
some questions about monads in haskell
parallel "insertions" into a binary trie in haskell
haskell type error: could not deduce (show a) arising from a use of `show' from the context (num a)
can liftm differ from lifta?
what is macid ?
how to write numbers in lambda using ghci
in haskell, how do i recursively manipulate a tuple and preappend a character to the first element in the tuple?
how to use frominteger in haskell?
a haskell function of type: io string-> string
haskell parsec compile error
inheritence to extend a data structure in haskell
anyone ever flip (<$>)
how to count the number of times a fuction was called, the fp way
generating a list of lists of int with quickcheck
haskell compiler error: not in scope
pros and cons of haskell
haskell noob question: what's wrong with my append function?
map function for custom n-ary tree
what does the : infix operator do in haskell?
replacing an element in a n-ary tree
differences between hugs, yhc and ghci
is there a way to list the functions in a module in ghci?
how to split up a file into modules in haskell?
replacing characters with numbers in haskell
haskell, chaining filters
what is primitive recursion?
closest equivalent to subprocess.communicate in haskell
haskell grouping problem
is it possible to use unary function instead of binary in `flip`?
pattern matching data types in haskell.  short cuts?
pointer equality in haskell?
finding whether or not an item is contained within an k-ary tree
[haskell]calculating a product recursive only using addition
how to get 64-bit binaries from ghc for snow leopard?
ways to get the middle of a list in haskell
how do you route stdin from a file to a function when running ghci
remove elements by index in haskell
problem detecting cyclic numbers in haskell
are peekcstring and peekcstringlen lazy?
effecient queue in haskell.
iterating over arrays in haskell
new line haskell
euler problem in haskell -- can someone spot my error
haskell tail function for empty lists
raise parseerror in haskell/parsec
help explain this chunk of haskell code that outputs a stream of primes
haskell - koch snowflake
an error with haskell classes i fall all the time and can't understand
comparing wildcards for equality in haskell..?
equivalence testing in haskell
how to rearrange this function to return the extended list in haskell
creating monads in haskell
haskell too many where clauses, any alternate suggestions
haskell minimum/maximum double constant
how to recursively compare the digits in a number in haskell
why is this haskell incorrect?
generating an infinite sequence in haskell
haskell: how do i define the types my function can take as parameters? and how do i access unnamed variables in a data structure?
how to simulate the concept of object identity in haskell
filter/map composition problem haskell
multiple haskell cabal-packages in one directory
multicore programming in haskell - control.parallel
when should i use record syntax for data declarations in haskell?
if you can't change a variable's value in haskell, how do you create data structures?
haskell execution sequence
list comprehension won't give correct result in haskell
using the github gist api from haskell
lifting class instance in haskell
haskell dividing num
haskell question about function
haskell : ++ difference
xml alternative of text.json.generic for haskell
haskell scoping in nested function definitions using where
"cannot do signed 4 byte relocation" on compile
how to customize the readline keybindings of ghci
how to use 'someof' in quickcheck (haskell)
short circuiting sort
ghc type inference for higher rank types - assigning to monotypes
reliable cube root in haskell
mapping the :edit command to a certain editor
list construction in haskell
importing c++ data types to haskell with ffi
avoiding boilerplace when dealing with many unrelated types
implementing a factorisation method in haskell
implementing a per-digit counter using the list monad
haskell pixel drawing library linux
haskell question regarding data
type depence in haskell
ambiguous type variable
haskell io with numbers
haskell global var
type matching in haskell
getting kind mis-match error when trying to use existential quantification
haskell: how to type cast
how to change propertis of drawingarea in gtk2hs
haskell record syntax and type classes
adding deriving(data) to standard types
how long does it take to create 1 million threads in haskell?
what are some good books for learning haskell (and/or ocaml/ml) in particular, and functional programming style in general?
getting cabal to work with ghc 6.12.1
having trouble writing my fmap
how to make an unboxed array of floats i can get a ptr to
using stdout/stderr/stdin streams behind haskell's ffi
convert list of integers into one int (like concat) in haskell
dealing with large files in haskell
when is it ok to use an ioref?
returning a decyphered string as part of tuple in haskell
what's new in quickcheck 2?
how to "unpack" a structure in haskell
is it possible to test the return value of haskell i/o functions?
haskell readfile type problem
lists in haskell : data type or abstract data type?
how to match rigid types in a type class instance?
linking to sdl and other libraries in haskell
state monad, sequences of random numbers and monadic code
how to print integer literals in binary or hex in haskell?
haskell type cast problem
simple yes/no haskell list question
why it does not work?
what can be improved on my first haskell program?
pattern matching against a tuple in the io monad in haskell
efficiency of equality in haskell
trying to install hs-ffmpeg haskell package fails to find libdc1394
haskell fastcgi on lighttpd, need help with configuration
good haskell coding standards
why doesn't this type declaration work?
trying to install cabal package sdl-mpeg can't find include file smpeg.h
distributing a haskell program as c source
haskell -- problem with pretty-printing a list
haskell -- "the last statement in a 'do' construct must be an expression"
haskell - specyfing kind in data declaration
how to get every nth element of an infinite list in haskell?
i'm learning haskell and have an exercise, that i get strange resaults, when trying to solve it
what programming task provided your breakthrough with monads?
how to create infinitely repeating list in haskell?
is there a haskell function for dates?
why does ghci say that 1.1 + 1.1 + 1.1 > 3.3 is true?
haskell type error using infered type
haskell type families and dummy arguments
control.monad.state found in multiple packages haskell
any haskell online contests or problem sets?
exercise on haskell, type definition, and guards.
haskell -- how to split a number into a list for further processing?
reasoning about performance in haskell
haskell: composing two error-raising functions
haskell counted list type
haskell -- more type inference problems
non-negative integers
haskell type error
pattern-matching seq's in haskell
haskell monad transformer stack and type signatures
deriving a type and its dependencies
example of how to parse exiftool json output in haskell
haskell - some questions about system.process and mutithreading
is there a way for keeping a variable from changing inside recursions, in haskell?
how to remove an item from a list in haskell
haskell's text.regex.subregex using tdfa implementation?
unwrapping datatypes in haskell without extraneous code
please help me understand the pattern match in haskell. i'm a little confused.
how do you use control.applicative to write cleaner haskell?
looping over a function in haskell
how to get system time in haskell using data.time.clock?
sampling sequences of random numbers in haskell
what exactly does typesynonyminstances do?
learning haskell: string manipulation question
type of a local function in haskell
haskell funtion does not terminate
haskell way to do error checking of multiple items with abort
in haskell, is there a way to do io in a function guard?
tracking down errors in haskell
what is the c# equivalent of map function in haskell
haskell sort funtion
in haskell, is there a way to do "elem" on a constructor with an argument?
polyvariadic functions in haskell
skipping exceptions when using map in haskell
why does haskell stop short of inferring the datatype's typeclasses in the function signatures?
haskell ambiguous occurrences -- how to avoid?
how to read bytes from a socket in haskell
haskell tool to rewrite import statements to name all imports?
haskell xmlrpc server executing dynamically generated functions
definition of filter function with foldr, in haskell. i want to see if i understand how it's working.
using monaderror with parsec
in haskell, is there a built-in function that creates a list of one element?
what does the parantheses signify in (x:xs) when pattern matching?
creating polymorphic recursive types in haskell
understanding haskell profiler output - what is ==_a3jo
are these two combinators already available in haskell?
problem with nesting in text.xhtml library with haskell
haskell speculative parallel execution
haskell's liftio's litter functions of type errort string io ()
haskell caching results of a function
counting elements in a tree in haskell
the genuine sieve of eratosthenes -- algorithm used to generate primay numbers.
inserting a value into an ordered tree in haskell
o(1) circular buffer in haskell?
stuarray with polymorphic type
crazy haskell indentation
haskell audio output on os x?
guarded equations in haskell
haskell pattern matching - what is it?
confusion with contt, callcc, when ...
accessing named fields in a haskell function
haskell mutable map/tree
how can i use parmap with a monadic function?
what is a common idiom for converting between integral types?
how do i use data.concurrent.mergeio?
problems trying out happstack-tutorial
iterate over list in haskell?
how do vbos/fbos/displaylists work in haskell's opengl bindings?
preventing negative numbers in haskell?
is there a way to do more "dynamic" data constructors in haskell?
is there a way to implement constraints in haskell's type classes?
testing io actions with monadic quickcheck
erlang's term_to_binary in haskell?
what does `~` means on haskell code
haskell: parsing escape characters in single quotes
machine learning in ocaml or haskell?
hex representation of floats in haskell
fixing the size of a gtk widget.
what is [] (list constructor) *really* in haskell?
how to make haskell's tchan defer messages like erlang's message queues can?
how to define a custom exception in haskell?
can a custom guard mechanism be defined in haskell?
how to convert a integer to a bytestring in haskell
what tool is my best bet for threaded haskell debugging today?
how does this constitute a haskell rigid type error?
"lazy io" in haskell?
with haskell, how do i process large volumes of xml?
how to properly instantiate classes in haskell?
how to unpack a haskell existential type?
haskell error: couldn't match expected type `integer' against inferred type `int'
stack overflow in ocaml and f# but not in haskell
how to design "blackbox" with state in haskell?
problem installing haskel-platform
in haskell how do you match against the type 'either a b' ?
haskell equivalent of c's __line__
haskell shying away from probabilistic data structures?
haskell and type definition of functions. couple of questions.
haskell: syntax error when adding new line in pattern matching
operator precedence and associativity in a parser (haskell)
which tree-based dictionary is the easiest to implement functionally?
haskell n-ary tree traversal
how to make an instance of a generic type in haskell?
traversing and filtering a tree in haskell
haskell as a highly concurrent server
haskell linear algebra?
what does the >> symbol mean in haskell.
haskell libmagic  how to use it???
howto use mongodb bindings for haskell.
dynamically build list comprehension in haskell
catching control-c exception in ghc (haskell)
in haskell, how can i use the built in sortby function to sort a list of pairs(tuple)?
why does ghc infer type of `io b` for an application of `hsetbuffering`?
in haskell, is there (num a) => infinity :: a ?
why does haskell give me a type error if i hardcode a return value?
map applied to multiple arguments in haskell
haskell function composition question
haskel parsec term seperator question
haskell types frustrating a simple 'average' function
using haskell's type system to enforce modularity
how to get a pointer value in haskell?
haskell - redefining (hiding) arithmetic operators
haskell: parsing pdf
how to do transform a tree using scrap your boilerplate?
implementing ctcp commands in an irc bot (haskell)
in haskell, how can you sort a list of infinite lists of strings?
haskell newbie question: what is "lifting"?
parsec: backtracking not working
understanding haskell's fibonacci
haskell simple compilation bug
haskell: scary type signature
haskell bytestring / data.binary.get question
can you turn a haskell list into a series of do instructions?
range checking in haskell's case?
which one is faster and why?
statet and wx gui coexistance
using haskell's parsec to parse binary files?
lists searches in syb or uniplate haskell
type patterns and generic classes in haskell
capturing audio input from microphone, with haskell?
deriving arbitrary functions in haskell
invoke haskell function with heterogeneous arguments?
examples of attoparsec in parsing binary file formats?
pointers in haskell???
haskell: constrain function on type double to only work with integers
haskell parsec parsing a list
evaluation of haskell statements/expressions using ghc api
what causes "error c stack overflow" in haskell usually
point-free in haskell
why won't the following haskell code compile?
writing a function list to a tuple
how to zip multiple lists in haskell?
how to convert type in tuples
whats the difference between io string and normal string in haskell
string formatting in haskell
how do i convert string to integer/float in haskell
equivalent of python eval in haskell
haskell input & passing values to functions
how to write a foldr hof in haskell
how to clear the screen in haskell
enable --hyperling-source for "cabal install"
parsec-3.1.0 with custom token datatype
haskell compile time function calculation
haskell: reading multiple command line arguments
binding type variables that only occur in assertions
how do you detect if a list has exactly 3 items in haskell?
what is the difference between an operator and a function in haskell?
haskell applicative instance for errort?
haskell optimization of a function looking for a bytestring terminator
can haskell's parsec library be used to implement a recursive descent parser with backup?
haskell: how to get through 'no instance for' ?
how do i write the function 'twice' in haskell?
bubble sort algorithm implementations (haskell vs. c)
what does a fullstop (.) mean in haskell?
haskell, list of natural number
disadvantage of unlifted type products?
why are side-effects modeled as monads in haskell?
haskell's type system treats a numerical value as function?
haskell quiz: a simple function
haskell: 'no instance for' arising from a trivial usage of regex library
"ambigous type variable" error when defining custom "read" function
[haskell] set of an unordered data type with a given ordering
in haskell, will calling length on a lazy bytestring force the entire string into memory?
verbosecheck in quickcheck 2?
in haskell, i want to read a file and then write to it.  do i need strictness annotation?
c compiler selection in cabal package
"subclassing" show in haskell?
haskell: convert unicode integer to actual unicode character
how to apply two functions onto the same string without using ">>"
why must recursion be in a separate file in hugs?
what is wrong with my definition of zip in haskell?
how do you write the function 'pair' in haskell?
what is programming paradigm in haskell
different results when applying function to equal values
problem with double and rational number
monads and custom traversal functions in haskell
patter matching for custom read function
higher-kinded types with c++
understanding haskell's filter
using monadplus in frp.reactive.fieldtrip
the reason for monadstate get and put?
ghci error: not in scope
haskell: what's the type of this function?
understanding this matrix transposition function in haskell
haskell as rest server
good functions and techniques for dealing with haskell tuples?
why this either-monad code does not type check?
haskell: why is it saying my function type is off?
applying a function that may fail to all values in a list
[haskell] problem when mixing type classes and type families
understanding syb boilerplate elimination
are there tools that would be suitable for maintaining a changelog for a cabal haskell package?
haskell type classes and type families (cont'd)
"programming in haskell" error in sat function
visual haskell 2008/2010
quicksort + profiling
what do you do when you feel you need a variatic list comprehension?
backtracking in haskell
"pattern matching" of algebraic type data constructors
can not get scion_server to be created using runghc
custom whitespace using haskell parsec
using data.heap in haskell, or reading haskell docs for a beginner
why is there "data" and "newtype" in haskell?
bytestrings in haskell
haskell type error
complete haskore example
continuation monad "interface"
how can i make cabal search for external programs?
type patterns in haskell
type error while trying to implement the (>>=) function in order to create a custom monad transformer.
generate syntax-colored, hyperlinked source code from haskell or objective-c
what's the "|" for in a haskell class definition?
haskell: problems with overloading: interpreter can´t tell which + to use
haskell: dealing with types and exceptions
creating haskell instance declarations
how are lists implemented in haskell (ghc)?
are monads writer m and either e categorically dual?
how do i do automatic data serialization of data objects in haskell
haskell: multiples of numbers in a list
improve a haskell script
render yesod widget
parsec haskell lists
why isn't my io executed in order?
ghc-pkg vs cabal
haskell parse paragraph and em element with parsec
literate haskell (.lhs) and haddock
image drawing library for haskell?
how do you install ghc into cygwin or point cygwin to ghc?
how to use gd binding in haskell?
strange pattern matching with functions instancing show
level-order in haskell
haskell - parsec parsing <p> element
haskell parsec items numeration
better exception for non-exhaustive patterns in case
unboxing, (sparse) matrices, and haskell vector library
haskell and random numbers
how do you make this haskell power function tail recursive?
safe and polymorphic toenum
is there any working implementation of reverse mode automatic differentiation for haskell?
haskell recursive function
why tointeger :: int -> integer is lazy?
how can i make a maybe-transformer maybet into an instance of monadwriter?
why do compiled haskell libraries see invalid static ffi storage?
haskell convert byte string to utc time
haskell binary tree function (map)
flowcharting functional programming languages
has anyone ever encountered a monad transformer in the wild?
using haskell for "business applications"
multithreaded haskell
run wshaskell on other machine
mtl, transformers, monads-fd, monadlib, and the paradox of choice
graph representation in haskell
sum of fibonacci numbers
how do you solve this haskell problem?
how do i write a constant-space length function in haskell?
how do laziness and i/o work together in haskell?
how do you solve this haskell problem using higher order functions?
haskell target architecture
haskell : type casting int to string
control statements in haskell?
why is the recursion idiom in haskell "'n+1' and 'n'" and not "'n' and 'n-1'"?
haskell: what is the difference between $ (dollar) and $! (dollar exclamation point)
optional arguments in haskell
multiplying numbers on horizontal, vertial, and diagonal lines
implementing a very simple 'wine rating system' in haskell
how to extract terms of specific data constructor from a list in haskell
installation hdbc-sqlite3 haskell
simple text menu in haskell
applying a function to an arbitrarily long list of arguments
program to find the result of primitive recursive functions
pattern matching for lambda expressions
fibonacci numbers in haskell
demanging typeclass functions in ghc profiler output
handling incremental data modeling changes in functional programming
what's the way to determine if an int a perfect square in haskell?
types in haskell
can haskell's monads be thought of as using and returning a hidden state parameter?
performance of looping over an unboxed array in haskell
haskell: a data structure for storing ascending integers with a very fast lookup
displaying database content in wxhaskell
does haskell require a garbage collector?
hackage package dependencies and future-proof libraries
using an element against an entire list in haskell
is do-notation specific to "base:ghc.base.monad"?
haskell dot operator
updating list elements, haskell
how do i get the sums of the digits of a large number in haskell?
problems with haskell's number types
gadts and scrap your boilerplate
haskell io russian symbols
could someone point be to a good summary of haskell code convention
how do i get the haskell platform's ghc-pkg to work on mac osx
which versions of packages can my haskell package depend upon?
applying a function with multiple inputs using map? (haskell)
multiple actions upon a case statement in haskell
collecting io outputs into list
help understand strange behavior in a lazy code
using perfectly formatted input as list in haskell
avoiding explicit recursion in haskell
haskell: defaulting constraints to type
haskell: gluing a char and a list together?
better data stream reading in haskell
why does s ++ t not lead to a stack overflow for large s?
problem understanding treesort in haskell
linking/combining type classes in haskell
(type theoretical) how is ([] ==) []  typed in haskell?
haskell: opengl, how to prevent immediate window closing
haskell - how to cast types?
haskell - how can i check if number is double/float?
are there any purely functional schemes or lisps?
which is your favorite "hidden gem" package on hackage?
how can my-program.hs get its version number from my-program.cabal at build time?
haskell network io hgetline
cabal and zlib on os x
haskell - how to write array to file?
(newbie) type signature "maybe a" doesn't like "just [event]"
using items in a list as arguments
infinite loop in haskell? (newbie)
in haskell, what does it mean if a binding "shadows an existing binding"?
confusion regarding laziness
want to add a functional language to my toolchest. haskell or erlang?
adding other files to haskell
haskell list to tuple
how to make random in haskell in pure function
strange type-related error
how to write haskell function to verify parentheses matching
haskell check for user input errors
nill value in haskell
maximize frame on startup  in wxhaskell
dealing with io vs pure code in haskell
outputing utf-8 string on mac os's terminal
haskell - interpreting a number
haskell - mapping the odd placed values and the even placed values differently
strange error in haskell about indentation of if-then-else
simple putstrln in haskell/yampa with arrows syntax
a function isn't loading
preferred way to do locales in the haskell platform
explain largestdivisible code from the learn you a haskell for great good tutorial
is there a good way to quickcheck happstack.state methods?
an unusual type signature
haskell: variant of `show` that doesn't wrap string and char in quotes
putstrln, type char does not match [char]
type-conditional controls in haskell
what is being passed in?
create a temporary directory in haskell
haskell tuple size limit
haskell lazy i/o and closing files
haskell: read input character from console immediately, not after newline.
haskell flatmap
problem with incomplete input when using attoparsec
writing a sample server app - is forkio unavoidable?
why can't ghci resolve the kind of [[]] ?
list of ghc extensions
best way to write   a-> ..->[a] recursive functions in haskell
improve my haskell implementation of filter
info on type family instances
body mass index program in haskell
haskel dot (.) and dollar ($) composition: correct use.
stm monad problem
help! i'm a haskell newbie
[haskell]curious about the hash table problem
haskell write computation result to file
mapping list of different types implementing same function?
what are uses of polymorphic kinds?
what's the status of multicore programming in haskell?
creating a haskell empty set
haskell ord instance with a set
haskell input return tuple
how do i use multiple where clauses in ghci?
what does the `forall` keyword in haskell/ghc do?
how do i silence network.browser.browse's logs to stdout?
are rank2types/rankntypes practical without polytype variables?
haskell import problem
do you know a haskell package for dirent.h on windows?
pattern matching in a let expression
orphaned instances in haskell
foldl versus foldr behavior with infinite lists
regular expression in haskell
using haskell read and typeclasses - ambiguous type variable error
[haskell] adding a show instance to rwh's randomstate example.
concatenating lists in ternary trees
code golf (sort of): a functional puzzle
unique elements in a haskell list
how do i get ghci to see packages i installed from cabal?
y-combinator in ft edsl
on ghc extensions
nice small simple real life programming example in haskell?
are there any tutorials on building a simple interpreter using alex + happy?
is haskell, truly pure (is any language that deals with input and output outside the system)?
is cabal-install supposed to act this way?
learning haskell, care to help out?
why does the pointfree version of this function look like this?
is haskell really a purely functional language?
why can't i define a new type in ghci?
how do i use constants in haskell, to avoid magic numbers ?
how can i convert a (storablearray (int, int) word8) into a lazy bytestring?
how to write return haskell
what is the relationship between unboxed types and strictness?
trying to understand haskell's => vs defining the types
map versus mapm behavior
how can i efficiently copy 2-dimensional arrays of bytes into a larger 2d array?
how can i build cabal-install on eeepc 701 / ubuntu netbook remix 1.6 (lucid)
list of existentially quantified values in haskell
how does one declare an abstract data container type in haskell?
help understanding arrows in haskell
help functors sink in.
implementing the haskell-maybemonad in f# - how can we get this lazy?
mapping over io in haskell
[haskell] error "no instance for (num [t])" in collatz function
how to write the identity function in haskell
can i do something like this in haskell
constraining the returntype to a context
ghc's rts options for garbage collection
haskell: functions that sometimes return a function
proper way to import things already defined in the prelude in haskell
haskell map/zip vs. list comprehension
wxhaskell asynchronous updates
haskell sorting of an unorderable list using a proxy order
haskell and conditional data structures
[haskell] space leak
haskell: what does it mean to have a typeclass of `num [a]` vs a typeclass of `(num a) => [a]`
why does this haskell statement not evaluate lazily?
haskell: how to write interactive interpreter on top of a state monad?
ghc refuses to export qualified modules
memoization in haskell?
haskell cps programming style problem
how do i specify types for haskell's set builder notation ?
how do i write, "if typeclass a, then a is also an instance of b by this definition."
modifying the pretty printer from haskell-src-exts
how can i factor this haskell expression to avoid repeated computation?
why this is not throwing any type error?
using haskell's types to replace assert statements or if checks in other languages
[haskell] odd values when enumerating a list
newbie question: what role does the indentation play here? and why one indent doesn't work?
cannot derive a show instance for data containing utctime
ghci displaying execution stack
how do typeclasses and modules interact?
predicate logic in haskell
what is ghci's default implementation of monaderror?
understanding haskell accessor functions
haskell: how is <*> pronounced?
in ghc, is there a way to print the exports of module?
implicit type parameters in haskell class definition?
what is the correct type declaration for this function?
what's the next step to learning haskell after monads?
functional proofs (haskell)
deducing type of multi-parameter type class
memory footprint of haskell data types
debug output of game objects in haskell/yampa and hood
cabal installing quickcheck version problem
how to get ascii value of character in haskell?
haskell function seems to be limiting integer length - i thought it used bignums?
haskell - use just or no just made difference, but i don't know why...
haskell pair and unpair functions
monad "bind" function question
is haskell's mapm not lazy?
merging/union two classes into one in haskell
performance of "all" in haskell
what is context in haskell multiparameter type class
are all haskell functors endofunctors?
installing a haskell package from hackage through cabal gets stuck at dependency resolution
what's the right way to divide two int values to obtain a float?
matching multiple data type constructors at once
which haskell package contains a function most similar to matlab's "fsolve"?
name clashes between field labels of different datatypes in haskell
pattern matching for equality
what manner of haskell syntax is used in [$parseroutes|/ home get|] ?
why is this haskell sdl line cyan when it should be white?
why is [string] the inferred type when there are no lists visible in the code?
haskell library like sympy?
why doesn't the "$" function work consistantly?
function computes the mean of a list - better solution ?
writing a function with a universally-quantified return type
how does one get strings (not string literals) into blazehtml attributes/element contents?
haskell: custom types with conditions
haskell bad interface file
how to execute haskell program in cygwin
haskell function composition (forward pipe) - why does this work?
tutorial to disassemble the haskell cont monad?
[haskell] equivalent expressions produce different results in a function?
how to do we keep multiple semantic values during parsing with happy/haskell
'mod' and -1 in haskell
how to match newlines with alex/haskell
keep track of the program variables in haskell like imperative programs
haskell: print textencoding
why is this form of haskell acceptable, but the other form raises a type error?
haskell pattern matching on the empty set
int vs integer in class instance
scenegraph traversal in haskell
problems decoding a file strictly with binary in haskell
haddock losing part of the documentation?
how to determine the directory in which a running haskell script or application lives?
automatic conversion of types for ffi calls in haskell
looking for a web host that can handle haskell
first-order logic formula
are random numbers in haskell strict?  why does this program get a stack overflow?
haskell: read and type signatures
why does the following simple haskell function give slightly strange answers?
use of type synonyms in monad transformers
stripping newlines in haskell
state monad haskell
operating on a return from a maybe that contains "just"
tips for more elegant code with monads?
renaming current module
haskell: nonobvious examples of functional dependencies
memoization & project euler problem 15 in haskell
[haskell] common recursion pattern
haskell monoid join function
haskell doubt: how to transform a matrix represented as: [string] to a matrix represented as [[int]] ?
produce permutations of arbitrary number of sequences
duplicate definition for symbol __module_registered error
rearranging string containing repeating patterns of variable length
have j style adverbs, forks etc been emulated via libraries in mainstream functional languages?
prefix form of unary operator in haskell
haskell network package documentation
how practical is it to embed the core of a language with an effectful function space (like ml) into haskell?
haskell numeric type heirarch in sicp exercises
