what is a good web-based grid that accepts excel clipboard data?
refresh excel vba function results
accessing excel data source running ssis package on 64 bit server
how do i find the excel column name that corresponds to a given integer?
alternating coloring groups of rows in excel
what is the best way to package and distribute an excel application.
excel: list ranges targeted by indirect formulas
insert current date in excel template at creation
ms access reporting - can it be pretty?
count a list of cells with the same background color
excel vba : get hwnd value of a commandbutton
modifying a spreadsheet using a vb macro
how do i create a status dialog box in excel
hiding data points in excel line charts
top ten ordering in excel based on complex team rules
how do i save each sheet in an excel workbook to seperate csv files with a macro?
function overloading in excel vba
how do you prevent printing dialog when using excel printout method
how can i find last row that contains data in the excel sheet with a macro?
what is the best way to process all versions of ms excel spreadsheets with php on a non-windows machine.
how to iterate through all the cells in excel vba or vsto 2005
how to iterate over all the page breaks in an excel 2003 worksheet via com
what's the best way to export bug tracking data from hosted hp quality center?
excel 2007 pivot tables - how to use calculated fields when connecting to a data cube?
array formulas in conditional formatting of excel xml spreadsheet files?
sending excel to user through asp.net
excel column names
excel macro language
programmatically exclude page items in olap pivot
how do i determine the number of rows in a range in excel using vba
how to work around the [1] ie bug while saving an excel file from a web server ?
expose vsto functionality to vba w/o local admin
how to tell if an excel workbook is protected
msexcel 2002 calling web services.
what causes "invalid advise flags" run-time error in excel vba?
how to protect cells in excel but allow these to be modified by vba script
password hash function for excel vba
how do you determine daylight savings time in vba?
how do i get a range's address including the worksheet name, but not the workbook name, in excel vba?
how to call a long-running external program from excel / vba
excel csv - number cell format
easiest and quickest way of web enabling old vba apps
how do i prevent excel from rendering the spreadsheet as my macro calculates it?
capturing the click event in an excel spreadsheet
access excel programmatically
how to capture the "print" button from the menu bar in a macro
how do you get excel to refresh data on sheet from within vba?
how do i put a file (excel) online (apache server) with password protection but with the option for users to alter the file and save the changes?
microsoft excel mangles diacritics in .csv files?
how can i send an http post request to a server from excel using vba?
how do i create an excel chart that pulls data from multiple sheets?
csv file.  excel is automatically converting my text to a date.  bad excel.
how to convert a db2 date-time string into an excel date
.net localization problem
how do i show an embedded excel file in a webpage?
excel detect inactivity
what's the best .net library for parsing and generating excel spreadsheets?
excel 2003 xml format - autofitwidth not working
how to automate converting excel xsl files to excel xml fromat?
how do i slice an array in excel vba?
what is the best way to create help documentation for an excel vba solution?
converting ooo macros to excel macros
protect excel worksheet for format and size and allow only for entry
how to stop excel to prompt to reopen a workbook.
protect all worksheet in an excel workbook
why does declaring content as a string cause winhttp not send http content in excel vba?
how to send an email attachment with signature in excel
is it possible to see more than 65536 rows in excel 2007?
excel charts - setting series end dynamically
what is the simplest way to export excel data to matlab?
problem parsing an xls file with c#
making excel functions affect 'other' cells
how to check for empty array in vba macro
export multiple sheets to excel through browser
excel macro - how to set x axis?
excel: copy every nth line from one sheet to another
the best 3rd party component for generating excel from asp.net
excel vba load addins
help with using typeconverters for enums in an excel pia assembly
double question in excl strings?
excel conditional formatting with weighted total
how to protect image on excel sheet
convert time fields to strings in excel
lookup data in excel
feeding an excel querytable object from memory
saving different csv files as different sheets in a single excel workbook
how to print faster in excel vba?
how do i programatically interface an excel spreadsheet?
how to add "select data source" to my excel appliation?
how do i refresh excel whilst debugging
excel built-in dialogs
excel cannot  enable references / missing functions
vba sql query table error problem
how to make a reference to a cell of another sheet, when the sheet name is the value of a cell?
how to keep only necessary workbook in excel using powershell?
how to insert the symbol 'infinite' in excel programmatically?
efficient method to enumerate cells in an excel workbook using c#
excel vba svn client / integration
wrap rows in excel
how do i create a toolbar in an xla document?
excel vba: identify invalid characters in text based cell
string manipulation with excel - how to remove part of a string if another part is there?
round function in excel, worksheet function vs vba
a better way of filling out an excel spreadsheet on a web server in asp.net than interop?
how do i set up radio buttons in excel?
editing excel spreadsheets easily with the sdk
multiple cell background colors in excel spreadsheets
excel vba project - password removal
0x800a03ec when calling select on an excel range (irange). range was returned from the worksheet's usedrange.
excel automation. need to multiple items from a range
excel / quickbooks data to c#
best way to synchronize multiple excel files to ms access table
programming excel
how best to export native data to excel without introducing dependency on office?
excel　ＶＢＡ　ｑｕｅｓｔｉｏｎ，　ｈｏｗ　ｔｏ　ｒｅｔｕｒｎ　ａ　ｒａｎｇｅ　ｏｆ　ｃｅｌｌｓ　ｗｉｔｈｏｕｔ　ｕｓｉｎｇ　ｌｏｏｐ？
embedding excel files in xsl-fo driven (pdf)-document generation
how to get excel integration in tfs to remember formatting?
.net error:  the dependency 'microsoft.office.interop.excel' could not be found
how do i create a filter for microsoft excel?
automating excel using asp.net
iterating unregistered add-ins (.xla) in excel 2003
excel 2007 vba and wmi - current domain\user
how can i use excel for project management?
excel vba hide/show row code speed.
rendering excel from browser
modifying excel spreadsheet with .net
how do i set selection to nothing when programming excel using vba?
how do i make sure public vba methods don't show up in the list of excel macros?
translate an index into an excel column name
vba long overflow
sql query to cehck blank cell in excel
excel workbooks produced by poi don't work when linked
excel 2002 web query screwing up en-gb dates
excel 2000 vba: errors raised within class debug as if raised at property call
csv for excel, including both leading zeros and commas
open a specified file in excel from a gui - borland c++
trying to improve efficiency of array formula
sql import wizard imports 1022868890 as 1.02287e+009
xls to text converter
excel conditional formatting self reference
how can i add form in excel sheet
sql-where type formulas in excel
excel - calculating durations of time data spread across multiple rows
excel range describes a group of adjacent cells.  when several groups of non-contiguous cells are selected, how do you get them all from worksheet.selected (range)?
how to generate excel through javascript
system.net.webexception :system.unauthorizedaccessexception: access to the path denied
is there a way to programmatically concatenate excel files?
does anyone know the .net odbc driver connection string for excel 2003's xml spreadsheets?
import text file containing line breaks into excel
easily using  excel data in sql server
need skeleton code to call excel vba from pythonwin
how can i perform a reverse string search in excel without using vba?
excel odbc and 64 bit server
cannot display measure variance in excel pivot table
excel interop - efficiency and performance
how do i get a count of columns that contain data from excel
case senstive validation in excel from named list
mssql to excel 2007 - new lines
excel 2002 add-in not loading when the application opens
zip code distance in excel
can i make a structured reference absolute in excel 07?
how do get the index of a table's column by using a structured reference in excel?
workarounds to avoid trying to conditionally protect cells in a shared workbook
where to find out the method used for excel functions
loop through pivotitems: runtime error 91
making excel macro for fast data entering ::: vba ::: excel :::
runtime error 1004: application-defined or object-defined error
how do i disable ms query's auto wrapping of column aliases with quotes in excel 2007?
how do i create a multiple tab excel workbook on a client machine?
sql server newbie needs help
programmatic mail-merge style data injection into existing excel spreadsheets?
what's the fastest way to walk through an excel range object backwards?
how do you typically import data from a spreadsheet to multiple database columns?
exporting excel cell data to database via excel macro?
in excel automation, how to gracefully handle invalid file format error upon file opening?
mcafee deletes code from vba module
how to get google page rank and number of searches in excel sheet
create an excel macro which searches a heading and copy-paste the column
automatically execute an excel macro on a cell change
loop through pagefield in olap cube [pivottable]
to upload an excel file as a clob
vba code for sumifs?
how can i hook up to excel events in javascript
how to get from xhtml to excel to xhtml
excel, oledb, and leading zeros
export to excel from a repeater?
best way to programmatically modify excel spreadsheets
is there a native excel class which allows a range to be copied and sorts/filters applied?
import multiline csv files into excel internationally
table lookup in excel
retreiving values from excel merged columns
how to set programmatically two different excel formulas for every other
format cell color based on value in another sheet and cell
how can i start a specific excel version in com automation?
what options do i have for reading excel files and evaluating formulas in c#, java and php?
excel: how to create a number in a column according to a text value in other column?
how do i copy a range into a temp workbook and return a reference to it with a vba function?
select a node in a treeview with vba
how do i copy a range in vba?
html type drop down in excel
how to parse a "cut n paste" from excel.
starting and controlling two instances of excel within my program?
how do i display a ratio in excel in the format a:b?
excel macro - comma separated cells to rows preserve/aggregate column
how to copy data from another workbook (excel) ?
how to find and select multiple rows with macro (excel) ?
automated testing of vba userforms- tools and/or techniques?
run macro to update cells
understanding / modeling forumals from excel.
right click on sheet-tabs disabled in excel
looping variable names
problems reading a .xlsx file?
gridlines in excel through interop
using createobject("excel.application") - issues with unsigned control
excel formula to refrence 'cell to the left'
assigning text to an array
using range values with find
how can you make game of life in excel?
non-sequential range
how to identify where the excel file use excel 95 or excel 97 specifications?
control 2 seperete excel instances by com independantly... can it be done?
return background color of selected cell
is is possible to insert an image into an excel cell via com?
sql server to excel via a web service
find and remove some text in excel worksheet with c#
expand data into unmerged cells
present tabular data on webpage so the user can directly copy it into excel.
excel combining multiple rows
excel xor multiple bits
load css in excel
how to troubleshoot why excel disables an add-in?
sql behind an external data query in excel
implementing search as you type in excel 2003
error: <target>.columnname and <source>.columnname have conflicting properties: datatype property mismatch.
how does excel vsto work?
activate range, allow edit, continue
is there a tactical (read 'hack') solution to having the vba code and excel sheet as one binary file?
passing and receiving an array from function
excel: charting with unknown number of data
list files of certain pattern using excel vba
excel reference to .net dll breaks with new version
is it possible to display a google earth map inside excel?
excel: how can i return the results of a function to a cell
modeless msgbox, error trapping, .find
why would .htaccess fire twice in ie when downloading a protected xls file?
excel dll for microsoft.office.interop.excel
create a multi-tabs excel file
assign on-click vba function to a dynamically created button on excel userform
how do i dynamically update the name of a worksheet in excel?
programmatically add 'input' form
open and read excel from a linux based c program?
conditional cell contents on grouping status
identifying different excel file formats
reinitilise a range in excel / vba
how to crack an excel workbook that looks up values?
what is the most efficent way to get a range "set difference" in excel automation?
need to embed excel worksheet in .net application
for loop with non-contiguous range
programmatically access chart source data name
exporting vba code from multiple excel documents to put into version control
excel pivot chart linear time-scale
how do i use a parameter in an excel external data request?
how can i make my c++ activex control print nicely in excel?
reorder/shuffle values in a row/column in excel.
what are the (gotchas and) limitations when using poi to create excel workbooks?
how do i get a list of folder names, which have chinese names, into an excel sheet?
help me find the reg-key which is preventing me from chaning excel macro security-level?
moving  ms excel data to a website via a web service.
how to search a value in an excel from .net application?
uniformly link contents of cells
limiting autoshape movement in excel.
how to zero fill a number inside of an excel cell
smoothing formula for charttype = xlxyscattersmoothnomarkers
deploying a visual studio excel 2007 template
what is excel 2007 workbook name size limit? why?
excel interop: range.formatconditions.add throws missingmethodexception
excel: changing right click menu above autoshapes.
excel formula to determine cell id when a series of numbers turns negative
autofiltered list; cross-row formula
excel macro to change unformatted text data to corectly-typed data
extract table from html to excel from the command-line
making row ranges adjust
excel pivot
creating an excel worksheet function (udf) at runtime in c#
making excel 2002 use .net v2.0.50727 runtime
how to obtain the macros defined in an excel workbook
what is the algorithm to covert an excel column letter into its number?
how to highlight calculated fields in an excel spreadsheet?
dynamic pathfinding in excel import
using excel as ui without vb
performance running clearcontents is very slow when wraptext is enabled in excel
it gives me error  while converting grid data to excel
how do you close excel com object and save the work?
how to "flatten" or "collapse" a 2d excel table into 1d?
excel formula or vba to extract data based on another cell's data
getting valuue from ms access form from excel vba.
will upgrading office from 2003 to 2007 break vb programs which use excel through the com interop?
why does an excel vsto addin run slower on a higher spec machine ?
best short examples of the need for excel vba
how to remove excel vba code modules when spreadsheet opened/closed
how to shell to an exe and pass cell values from excel worksheet.
how can a cell's background color be set other than the obvious cell shading property?
working out which cell vlookup refers to
excel vba copy xl-2007 macro-enabled workbook as excel-2003 file with no macros
converting xll addin functionality to a native vb module : problem refreshing formulae
excel merge and formatting
truncate strings in excel - is there a function to remove last part of string after separator
excel vba macro to track changes in separate sheet
detecting nulls in excel vba
how to capture worksheet being added through copy/paste in excel vba
excel query table still works after deleting file dsn, how is that possible?
force excel to stop applying "auto-corrections" to csv import data
programatically add module to xls 2003 using vbscript
validation drop down on a condition
declcaring variables in excel cells
retrieving cell name in excel
conditional median in ms excel
a way to add pictures to excel sheet programmtically but not from file
excel comments - max length in 2003
asp.net(c#)  create excel worksheet, do i need excel installed on the server?
implementing an excel external data source
writing data back to sql from excel sheet
excel smart tags
unlock cell on a condition from adjacent cell
oledb, writing excel cell without leading apostrophe
create a custom worksheet function in excel vba
excel doesn't auto-fit 45º text
how does one sum only those rows in excel not filtered out ?
manupulating excel files from windows scripting host
excel formulas/vb: show total based on date entry
are there such things as variables within an excel formula?
counta behavior in countifs
excel print worksheets by name
copying multiple worksheets simultaneously to preserve chart references
excel interop formatting issues
excel interop updating formulas
how to keep excel interop from stealing focus while inserting images
creating a sublist based on a second column in excel
how to select interop .net framwork version running from excel?
unable to load the excel 2003 add-in
excel sum with relative positions
excel pivot table question - how to get subtotals for a row area field?
excel: mapped xml data and the "number stored as text" error
how can i program excel to work with outlook?
reading data from excel file prior to version 95
excel chart component recommendations
excel prefixcharacter in c# with oledb causing "data type mismatch in criteria expression" error on update
multiplying multiple cells by a number
adding ribbon support to excel com addin
tracking e-mails in outlook with excel
is it possible to add vb to an excel sheet from poi?
concurrent sum
combining data from excel with database
unable to access excel's application.comaddins property if there are no addins installed
merge excel files into one
ways to deal with arbitrarily large sets of an arbitrary number of items in excel
how to write an excel function which returns a value from an sql database?
excel xml line feeds in fields
problem creating new instance of excel 2007 using vba
excel: how can i display the data from several sheets in one?
what in the best exel book for non-programmers?
how to fill-up cells within a excel worksheet from a vba function?
how to convert excel sheet column names into numbers?
how can i use javascript within an excel macro?
get data from custom app into excel
creating tables for copy from word to excel
how can an excel add-in respond to events in any worksheet?
problem with excel to gridview c# asp.net
detecting installed excel version (and service packs)
error handling in ms excel vba
excel triggered macro
running excel macros automatically under linux.
excel/vba to check if a row exists
programmatically set drawing cursor in excel
need vb to make excel calculate a sheet or range in realtime and in the background
tool for importing excel spreadsheets
count rows until the sum value of the rows is greater than a value
how do i change the indenting for excel's xml data export?
adding two times up in excel
excel error hresult: 0x800a03ec while trying to get range with cell's name
excel number format: what is "[$-409]" ?
odbc connect with propritary driver/excel trust settings
how to show long numbers in excell ?
implementation of excel's round function
best free excel writer for c# to output datatable to excel
dynamically changing dropdown in excel.
exporting native excel 2007 files from .net
how do you test that a range in excel has cells in it?
print certain tabs
parsing an excel file in c#, the cells seem to get cut off at 255 characters... how do i stop that?
retain cell address when sorting list
excel hangs when printing the first time from asp.net webservice
return value of nth or last match
multiple pivot charts setsourcedata error
default value for pivotchart report filter/page field
how to suppress the file corrupt warning at excel download?
how to get the process id of the current excel, throught vba, without relying on finding the window by the caption?
converting an excel (xls) file to a comma separated (csv) file without the gui
changing legend type in excel
what causes error 70 in excel vba?
sort excel grouped rows
excel objext in asp.net
creating an excel spreadsheetml in code. (without excel!)
shared worksheet with macros in excel 2003
how do i reference a "subset" or cells in an excel named range?
trouble with file location in excel/fortran dll connection
how to use dll's in the same directory as an excel file
setting mime type for excel document
easy way to find cell reference in excel vba
pasting the same text copied from different sources behaves differently in excel
how to represent a datetime in excel
what could cause shape.cut to fail in excel vba?
excel page breaks via vba
how to pass string array from c/c++ dll to vba (excel)
excel: how to display more information when using subtotals?
vb.net traversing an xls / xlsx file?
please help me the macro that only a cell of the specific keyword does in a blank. in excel
excel document recovery
ms-excel:  how to show the value of a combo box inside a locked cell.
excel 2007 vba filesearch missing
set line weight for all series in excel 2000 pivot chart
why does one ado.net excel query work and another does not?
detecting changes to checkboxes via vba
competition random entry draw script
setting date cell format in excel xml
hiding page breaks in excel
how to get/set unique id for cell in excel via vba
changing excel 2000 pivot chart unit
replicating team system's "open selection in microsoft excel" functionality
how do i display a counter(ie, no. of times downloaded) in an ms excel 07 spreadsheet when the spreadsheet(.xls) is downloaded off my webpage?
excel formulas giving #value! error when ported to mac
can't apply 3d properties to autoshape
excel - how to persist function in column when row data is cut or deleted?
what is the easiest way to import an excel sheet into mysql
excel xml line breaks within cell from php dom
best way to distribute excel spreadsheet with vba
simulate string split function in excel formula
finding incorrectly-formatted email addresses in a csv file
nested if statements in excel formula
write the data from an excel sheet to the text file though c#
what does the excel vba range.rows property really do?
how do i create a text file so when it is opened in excel, rows are grouped together?
truncation errors importing to sql server 2005 from excel
equality with zero in excel
programmatic positioning of vba charts has stopped working
getting excel 2003 to interpret a pasted number with leading zeros as text (works fine in 2007)
is there any way to make excel preserve xml attributes in root element?
writing a web application in excel? why not?
excel 2007 - catch open command bar button event
setup an excel template so calculations are not dependant on a specific number of columns / rows
combing multiple excel files into single excel workbook with multiple she
excel interop: formatting footers
how to store information in a excel woorkbook
elegant way to highlight chart data series in excel
value is a variable but used as a method
running a macro in excel
xml excel realtive path issue
problem executing excel from c# application
writing a formula to a cell with openxls
how to genrate pivot table in excelsheet programitically
protect excel file with java
excel addin development environment
what is the way to check whether excel cell is locked or not?
excel dynamic tables like functionality in web application
excel automation: open existing excel file as "new"
sum number of cells based on current date in excel spreadsheet
docking custom task panes
how to import excel to datagrid without oledb?
no error message available, result code: e_fail(0x80004005)
excel vba macro: check content (of clipboard?) before pasting
excel to .csv problem
how to get next ip in range from excel
can i edit an excel file from a browser using poi?
get istance of excel application with c# by handle
return empty cell from formula in excel
where is the best documentation of microsoft excel biff format
creating xml for import into excel, particularly dates
excel: change multiple formulae at once?
issue working w/ relative path in excel 2007 vba
data analysis tool like ms excel ...
uninstalling excel add-in using vbscript
whether to enable a security-protected feature
insert row keeping formula in excel
accessing excel custom document properties programatically
where can i find documentation for excel's pictures collection?
excel "external table is not in the expected format."
re-initializing "thisworkbook.path"
excel xth letter of the alfabet
how do i make a burn down chart in excel?
i want to upload an excel spreadsheet to iis and then import its contents
copy excel worksheets, macros, and graphs from one workbook to another, moving links to the new workbook
vba changes excel 2002 -> excel 2007
excel replace all found chars
ms access 03 - muliplte "ifs" in one field of update query's criteria??
vba editor auto-deletes spaces at the ends of lines
using excel oledb to get sheet names in sheet order
can i run excel from a .cmd script with all macros enabled?
grabbing text between slashes in excel
first non-empty cell in a spreadsheet row
installing a vba macro in excel 2007
how to insert programmatically a new line in an excel cell in c#?
importing html table into excel via clipboard
data extraction with excel
excel conditional content/formatting for print vs. screen and page breaks
excel macro help - checking if boxes on left or right are populated
is it possible to call .net code from excel 2007?
how to automatically refresh excel formulas?
excel 2007 visual basic editor: eats spaces, throws cursor around
process for updating excel add-in?
can excel conditional formatting use udfs in the condition?
excel biff file format - cell type for date
ms excel wildcard lookup
how do i set the color of an individual point in an excel scatterplot using .net?
how to create linked texbox in worksheet?
generating excel files with vb6
what does equality to a range mean in excel macros?
excel function to determine the last friday in a month
condition to check whether cell is readonly in excel using c#
"pivot" a table in excel
how can i represent intervallic rules in excel financial models?
excel: filter table rows by specified column value
compete statistical significance with excel
automatic hyperlinking in excel
how to force an order of cell evaluation on excel
hidden data in excel, extracting data origionally linked to an mdb file.
generating csv file for excel, how to have a newline inside a value
how to match a string wildcard pattern in an excel macro
excel string comparison is failing when it should not
programmatically extract data from an excel spreadsheet.
smaller spreadsheetml files through excel 2007
use excel for calculations in  web app
excel copy and paste
what is the difference between a shared formula and an array formula?
array constants in excel
excel 2003 charting: chart data too complex
excel password removal
excel:  combobox listfillrange property pointing at a formula-based named range; combobox with a linkedcell, equals bugs
what's the syntax for the create table statement in excel?
ms excel 2003 - anyone know how to delete rows that contain duplicate data?
selecting the max with a condition in excel
how to get the range of occupied cells in excel sheet
excel: use a cell value as a parameter for a sql query
how to calculate a monthly average when the month is not finished
breaking a cell if it contains a newline character
com automation / running excel macros
excel - "file not found: vba6.dll"
excel parsing and converting text
removing parts of a cell
using a query string in an excel hyperlink to an asp.net web application
delete a file after user download prompt
excel - bottom border if text is present?
how do i export from mysql to an excel file in my php site?
system.runtime.interopservices.comexception : this command is unavailable because the license to use this application has expired.
what would be the best way to use python's functions from excel ?
excel solver not obeying binary constraint
bug in hyperlink() in excel 2003 spreadsheetml implementation
how to get excel to ignore apostrophe in beginning of cell
is there a way to generate a unique identifier (in sql server newid()) in excel 2007
how do i count wildcard characters using excel countif?
excel formula to get ranking position
vb.net equivalent of optional range argument in vba function
read password protected excel file using oledb in c#
making a macro that exports chosen columns to a new file
what is the great wisdom in defining your own object if i can't do this?
how to detect if filter(s) changed on a worksheet?
storing data in ms access and querying it in excel
vb.net/com server code way slower than excel vba code
creating an .exe file from an excel spreadsheet
writing an excel addin user guide
difference between print and print preview events in excel vba
round time to nearest 15min interval in excel
how to read excel file in c# by connection string?
displaying excel in axframercontrol control - refresh issues
excel with an sas engine
excel filter questions
not a valid office add in
excel vba: error hiding calculated field in pivot tale
problem in sending excel file as attachment using mail function in php?
excel addin throwing an exception in designer code
combine tab-separated value (tsv) files into an excel 2007 (xlsx) spreadsheet
read excel file data from httppostedfilebase object
freezing row 1 and column a at the same time
excel range format: number is automatically formatted when range::value2 is set
excel macro that checks every row has unique or blank number
inserting a jfree chart in excel using jsp
how to upload a excel's data into a list or datatable without  saving and then deleting the excel file?
looking for 'sed' like functionality in excel
excel 2007 filtering across multiple pivot tables
why is excel vba giving me an error for a dynamic range?
parsing older spreadsheetml schemas
excel: set background colour of cell to rgb value of data in cell.
create excel document from a contenttype in sharepoint
how do i expose excel 2003 spreadsheets to performancepoint 2007?
getting unique values in excel by using fomulas only
how to import from ms excel into mysql db
excel dateadd not working properly ?
how to build a consolidated pivot table when the source data contains column headings that are dates?
unable to access excel form objects through vba when items are grouped
pulling date and time values from excel (csv) to c#
exporting excel to xml spreadsheet with blank cells
mailmerge seem to open excel file twice?
excel: removing duplicates in one column while retaining highest value in the adjacent column.
excel: how to start macro recording from ole
fill array with consecutive integers
excel vba returning weird results with large calculations
pretty print excel formulas?
multi-column sort with vba
preserve empty cells when saving excel as xml
excel pivot table range reference
excel 2007 - sheets.add from template file loses formatting
loop through each row of a range in excel
what is the best way of generating a xslx file on a web site? possibly with millions of rows?
pivot table values are now screwy
excel iqy file - usage option question
firefox : open xlsx file not saving file butn opening binary.
bind macro to excel cell onclick?
sorting a range by the order of another list in excel
deleting an excel file in c#, taskmanager process is not stopped.....
accessing a vsto application-addin types from vba (excel)
read excel using linq
api to write huge excel files using java
determining wrong input file using vba & excel
xll plugin's ddeconnect fails when connecting to excel?
excel opentext method
visualbasic (or applescript) excel sheet sorting with names
find the differences between 2 excel worksheets?
read/write excel 2007 password-protected documents
excel: cannot delete pesky drop down from sheet
excel  - changing embeeded dsn
excel ole - .net com addin behaves differently when excel is embedded in an application
how can i display an environment variable from within exce?
what is the correct way to dynamically set environment variables before running excel?
vb.net com server implementing excel udf not callable with optional excel.range
summing duplicates in excel
excel vba "autofill method of range class failed"
what is the best practice for allowing users to upload excel document?
how can i format bytes a cell in excel as kb, mb, gb etc?
find formula in excel
can excel use itself as an rdbms?
how to check excel server is present or not?
countif - establishing a specific range in excel
excel - best way to graph the change of a cell as a function of the change of another cell
can i get relational data into an excel pivot table
using a formula from another column in excel
tool to help write excel formulas and if statements?
could inner excel row properties could affect oledb visibility?
excel - allow copy/paste but no data entry
how to add user id in excel header / footer?
collate 500 excel sheets into database
excel formatting question, default line color
append a text string to the left of all the cells of a column in excel 2002?
com add-in for excel doesn't load when excel is launched by opening file
how can i quote the data within my cells?
xlsio datetime incorrect by about 4 years
excel: the incredible shrinking and expanding controls
excel vba - connect to sql with a trusted connection (no uid/pwd)
can this be done using excel macos?
vba: querying access with excel.  why so slow?
using vba to change excel data
excel - red cross where a drop down list should be
server moved, now ms excel 2003 queries won't work
spreadsheet: count repeated values in a column
find distance between two cities in excel using google maps api
how to implement in excel: if cell a1 is 0, cell a2 = "foo". else, let the user specify an input.
excel: how to do dry formatting?
excel 2007 udf: how to add function description, argument help?
excel to xml in .net3.5
selected index of a vba combobox
tab order vsto excel
adding up all the positive numbers in excel
vba and private functions
excel and ie7 - prevent ie from opening excel files
excel copy worksheet
automatically execute an excel macro on a cell changed by a real-time add-in
excel, multiple if statements
excel embeded if statements
excel vba: subtotals?
excel: formula to reference an entire pivot table?
how do i get my fortran output into excel?
excel macro match and copy/paste
export from excel to text file without line breaks
generate excel sheet from a excel template in asp.net using vb.net
excel averageif with today() function as criteria
how do i import an excel spreadsheet into a visual basic application
in excel , in my pivot tables when i drop down the row fields, value filter option is disabled
parsing xls with groups
read xls file from vb6
generating nicely formatted excel files in asp.net without having excel on server
how to read characters count "text length" for excel cell ?
is it possible to access excel file through ado.net that does not have a header row?
excel 2007 - selecting multiple non-contiguous cells within one column.
removing some rows based on criteria - solving this by pivot tables
totaling figures in .csv files using excel
deleting rows containing listed numbers in excel
exporting data to excel
how i can export a datatable to excel 2007 and pdf from asp.net?
excel vba custom function with sumif-like criteria functionality
ms excel 2003 - simple unselect question in excel vba when dealing with shapes
[excel/vba] determining the size of a merged area
how to run a windows 2008 task from the scheduler with "interact with desktop"
set a type in vba to nothing?
count unique values in excel
ms excel 2003 vba - is there a way to define a group of shapes/object into a "group"
excel vba to oracle algorithm
[vb.net] better way of getting the text value of cells in an excel (*.xls) file
hi, any body suggest me how to write formuale in excel for my requirement
help need pls.... excel macro: compare and copy between worksheets
copy method fail due to memory
excel formating using jxl
excel reading in asp.net : data not being read if column has different data formats
updating a checkbox in excel 2003 from a background thread in c# fails sometimes
c# and excel files
excel date to unix timestamp
excel waiting for one macro to finish before calling another
programmatically generating excel workbook with pivots and charts
cancel external query in excel vba
excel interop "findall" method
use excel interop to grab image of excel chart without writing to disk or using the clipboard
why does excel throw an exception on quit when started from command line?
substituting an excel worksheet for an access database
how to edit my excel dropdown list ?
are excel's conditional formatting formulas broken
calling an excel add-in method from c# application or vice versa
how to reference logo image multiple times in excel 2007
how to circumvent the depth limitation of excel's if function?
excel vba merge multiple columns into one on separate rows
deleting named ranges in vsto
excel autofilter in vb.net
excel help needed: insert row with total under each group
vba - calling a function which accepts parent object as variable
hdc for excel chart
excel pivot table calculated field total returns incorrect value
excel: removing formulas but keeping the answers as text
exporting to excel the simple way (but not csv)
how do i assign a value to a property where the property name is supplied at runtime in vba?
using vlookup in excel to compare columns
excel: default to text rather than general when opening a .csv file
excel vba pastelink run-time error 1004: application-defined or object-defined error.
copy data from sheet 1 to sheet 2 in the same workbook in excel
using excel vba to find a range
adodb.connection undefined
excel com add-in dialog interrupts script
how to find the named range of a cell - vsto
excel form hides behind other windows after i browse for file but i want it to stay on top.
how to do: sum columnb where columna is xyz - in excel?
read the activecell content in excel using vsto
conditionally linking cells in excel 2007
do excel 2003 and 2007 use differnt file formats?
forcing garbage collection in vba/excel 2000
how to calculate future value (fv) using javascript
given a date range, count # of workdays per pay period the range falls in
excel 2003 vba error 1004 after xml data import
looping code/skipping rows
how to make the excel broken autofilter indicator go away?
excel group with hidden rows
adjusting row height automatically in excel
ms excel -> 2 columns into a 2 dimensional array
how can i hide protected excel addin functions from appearing in insert function dialogue box?
excel vba - stop running program that was started by shell?
live execution of formula
how do i reference to another (open or closed) workbook, and pull values back, in vba? - excel 2007
problem with excel automation function
suggest me an easy way to automate such tasks
determining size of printed page in excel vba
simultaenous connections, excel
excel treeview multi columns
how can get the sum of different cell values in excel using poi
how do i create an excel macro that changes the height of a cell
excel file too big , which format to convert to imporve processing time in scripting
excel macro to save as filename excel file and close open excel file
importing excel data to a already established sql db visual basic
how to save data on excel xls file using perl?
excel custom format: how to set a format that handles numbers with optional decimals
how can i run an excel add-in on mutliple instances of excel.exe
basic excel date and time problem
field comparison in excel sheet
list folders and subfolders from a directory in excel with hyperlinks?
communication between a webpage and excel?
can excel interpret a cell as html?
edit excel countifs
mass convert excel files into tab delimted text files
xl vba - passing an array in a user defined function?
problems with excel's application.evaluate command in vba
spreadsheetgear fonts look blurred compared to excel
[excel] populate list via a bi-condition
how do i return the address of the currently copied range in excel?
excel formula null value
how to allow ink in a protected worksheet?
error while generating a pdf file with excel using c# in asp.net
excel file with multiple sheets from ssrs reports
how do i loop through an excel spreadsheet with vba, paste a value to a website form then extract the result back?
excel vba horizontal alignment problems when using numberformat codes
excel - highlight active row
analysing excel vba/macro code
display preceeding zeros in csv file when viewing in excel
accessing excel.combobox from c#
excel validation range limits
openxml sdk v2.0 performance issue when deleting a first row in 20,000+ rows excel file
excel structured reference table syntax
excel replace value without losing formatting
what event fires if excel vba code execution is prematurely ended?
how to get the excel file name / path in vb script?
excel workbook isolated storage
excel cell format changes in text
how to convert excel to xml using java?
excel changes date formats
excel: need help with unusual lookup function (sorted column is different from lookup column)
excel: what's the best way to get the value of a relative row but from a fixed column?
excel: putting together two different complex formulas (unique distinct list & split)
excel vba adding programatically commandbutton to userform
excel: filtering a time series graph
excel 2003, putting a button or textbox on worksheet?
copy and paste cells if duplicate columns , excel macro slightly different question
merge and left justify a range of rows in excel
dsum: how to define the criteria range using braces?
another excel offset question
excel funny table syntax
excel programming
excel 2007 combo box - developer ribbon vs. vba module
excel add-in doesn't get the hint
excel formula - auto sum for the same types
excel formula - auto sum for the same types
excel picture tools format vba
generate an excel xml document in asp.net mvc web site
change a cell address to row,column in excel sheet
hyperlink to a sheet in excel
lookup on another sheet in excell
call excel com addins functions using macro
what is the correct excel formula?
how can i search for values in a range of cells, in another long range of cells ?
vlookup doesn't work
excel time serial back to text
windows 7 .net excel .saveas() error exception from hresult: 0x800a03ec
copying cells  from different sheets to one main sheet
excel data same row
excel: find the minimal value in a column
how can i find the  index of a row for a value in excel  É
"lights out" automated scheduled batch creation of excel workbook?
help with excel automation addin
problem in copying the data one excel to another excel using vbscript
copy/paste from excel to a web page
keep formatting on an excel cell
packaging an excel addin
creating add-in for excel using c#.
using not like in filter property of vba recordset
excel vba development best practises
excel overtime calculation
is there a way to use ole db provider for jet on an unsaved excel workbook?
export to excel in c#
convert image (jpg) to base64 in excel vba?
excel through oledb shows numbers differently...depending on whether spreadsheet is open!?
how to import .class file in jsp page which is not in standard library?
read excel sheet in c#.net
how to auto-size column-width in excel during text entry
remove password from excel file -- without having to install excel on my servers
importing txt files to excel makes linebreaks disappear
what's the best way to compare two sheets in an excel workbook
excel xml, how can i get excel to display my datetime field in yyyy-mm-dd format?
read folders and any document properties from excel?
platform or tools for merging & filtering spreadsheet data online?
multiple select listbox in excel for an import sheet
excel 2007 3-color scale with negative values
trouble connecting excel to analysis services server..
call excel add-in function from excel workbook vsto
ms excel: how to enter free-form text in cell with drop-down-list?
drop-down list in excel cell
problem with toolbar in excel 2003
upload an excel file in classic asp on windows 2003 x64 using office 2010 drivers
are there any good unit testing packages for excel
with vsto and excel more and more trying to incorporate visual studio and c#, is vba dead ??
pass sheet to a function (excel vba)
using excel to display the number of occurrences within a date range
using large collections in vb.net
how can release excel object with idisposeable interface
exporting .xls to .csv issues
how can i make ms query (in excel) see tables with field-level security on sql server 2005 or later?
how to let users specify multiple-level categories in excel?
how to hide excel window from a user
excel: create a new sheet for each row
excel vba - insert a row to a specific set of columns
find text cells that are too small to display contents
excel - if and search functions
excel forms edit only
excel vba: force refresh of "last" cell of the worksheet
how to avoid excel localizing object names and breaking macros?
help with excel vbscript - fill columns with data
excel - how to duplicate each row with a macro
performance issue with accessing microsoft.office.core.documentproperties
excel: getting the selected rows back
how to reassign the address of a named range in open office vba?
excel - open multiple windows and tile on sheet tab click
excel - worksheet_activate code for new sheets
same column in two worksheets are aligned differently horizontally
in excel how to create multiple rows from a single data row
reading values from an excel file
how to get an excerpt of a table in excel in a different table?
how to use a macro to transpose data from rows into columns
microsoft excel – how to copy cells to a different worksheet on every nth row.
nested if statements returning zero if nothing entered in cell.
excel help: sum or count until?
how do i use pia to open an excel workbook and save the first sheet to a text file?
extracting unicode text from excel spreadsheet using vba
using application.run in excel vba when workbook name contains spaces
excel, 2 sheets, 2 columns, same value?
removal of records from excel
how to modify existing excel file using php?
excel: how to get a locale-independent printer name?
excel word wrap problem after macro
searching two columns and returning value from third vba
how to keep one variable constant with other one changing with row in excel
excel poi 3.5 workbook java heap space exception ?
change value for multiple cells in excel
ms excel how to create a macro to find duplicates and highlight them É
convert excel 95 to excel97+ without automation?
vbscript: how do i copy all rows from 3 worksheets and merge rows that are unique in the first column?
unresponsive cancel button on vba userform
excel find and replace a character to create a new cell
how can i calculate the mean of all months until now?
ms excel create virtual column to use in formula
how to compare literals in countif
how to make a sub string selection and concatenation in excel ?
exporting mysql to excel
how can i look for the duplicate values in a certain field in a spreadsheet ?
[excel vba]how to cast a shape object?
excek vba worksheet.names vs worksheet.range
excel vba: copy rows from another workbook, but just the function results
office 2003 interop problems, interface, method not found.
excel vba: help with deleting cells based on conditions
is it possible to "link" two cells in excel via some sort of formula?
automatic hyperlinks in excel?
excel formula : find uniques in one column depending on value of another column
how do i use a excel function inside the vba editor
merge contents of 2 excel cells keeping character format intact (using vba)
excel get_range missing when interop assembly is embedded in .net 4.0
how to assign certificates to excel macros programmatically
adding mutiple if statements together
how do you add two countif equations together?
how do i convert list in reverse order in excel sheet
excel xml spreadsheet - is it possible to embed images?
reversing rows in excel formulas
excel vba macro: create a chart from csv?
excel process not ending in cluster environment
what do i need to do to make excel access a web query via https?
fast third party library to merge excel files (.net)?
execute sql sp in excel vba
excel udf formula does not appear.
getting last insert id in excel adodb connection to mysql database
excel macros...
generating excel documents with ruby
supress "save changes" when creating a document via excel automation.
calling individual cell instead of range
referencing an excel address within a cell, but also additional text
how to get the size of a range in excel
excel vs c# number differences
excel floating point arihmetic - what type does it actually use
excel user-defined function not called on cell update
embedding an excel document in an intranet browser, and navigate to a worksheet
get sheet names in excel95 workbook using oledb
excel text formula to extract words seperated by semicolon in a field
convert content from excel cells from string duration to number of minutes
how can i solve a system of linear equations in excel?
excel 2003 data input and transfer it to another field which scrolls upwards to keep the last input and previous inputs
ms access & excel: turning a query with dynamic parameters into something useful
how to prevent automatic truncation of leading zeros in excel cell
how to insert an excel chart into word using addoleobject
excel - tactics for complex validation
creating an excel macro to sum lines with duplicate values
web scraping in vba and excel
set excel sheet as datasource to gridview .
hyperlink to an excel cell
how to pull data and export to excel within an ajax framework.
excel autofill problem
excel: parse text as formula
[excel] how can you retrieve a signature of function usable in excel in vba or a dll  ?
how to call sheet-specific macro from one excel workbook in another
how do i multiply two cells by their names?
language/framework to write excel spreadsheets, webbased
how to get weights of numbers in excel in this problem
reference and filter data to other sheet in excel
how can i autofill cells in excel?
how to get access to the metaproperties of a file (aspecially a mp3 file) with vba
excel: auto-format time (without date)
excel as database frontend for several concurrent users - doable?
xls to csv with chainese character support
how to retrive cell addresses which call specific function
excel to mysql export  - every week updates and constraint problems
sqlite data into excel?
how can i get back a previously created excel listobject?
is there a work around when hitting the maximum summands in =sum in an excel formula?
how to get min and max in excel depending on another column?
in excel's vb, how do i create a routine that would constantly run in the background?
excel problem with deleting customproperty in korean
what's xlshtml?
how to get the hour and minutes difference between 2 datetimestamp in excel?
has anyone else seen bugs in excel's activex combo boxes, (especially when contained in a sheet and when using the listfillrange or linkedcell properties)?
how do i gather data from the same collumn in multiple worksheets in a single workbook?
how to stop excel process from c#
how to get such results using excel formula
tab separated txt file from excel  vba/macro
excel vba application.ontime.  i think its a bad idea to use this... thoughts either way?
