visual studio setup project - per user registry settings
.net xml comment into api documentation
integrating visual studio test project with cruise control
folders or projects in a visual studio solution?
add custom tag to visual studio validation
what is keyboard shortcut to view all open documents in visual studio 2008
how to generate getters and setters in visual studio?
plugin for visual studio to mimic eclipse's "open type" or "open resource" keyboard access
what is the best way to deploy a vb.net application?
setup visual studio 2005 to print line numbers
automated release script and visual studio setup projects
vs 2008 - objects disappearing?
visual studio and dual/multiple monitors: how do i get optimized use out of my monitors?
visual studio refactoring: remove method
windows mobile device emulator - how to save config permanently?
using parameters in ms reporting services (sql 2008) against an odbc data source
visual studio 2008 window layout annoyance
where is tfs work item help text displayed?
in visual studio you must be a member of debug users or administrators to start debugging. what if you are but it doesn't work?
creating visual studio templates under the "windows" catagory.
class designer in visual studio - is it worth it?
is it possible to disable command input in the toolbar search box?
visual studio error: the "generateresource" task failed unexpectedly.
do you have any recommended macros for microsoft visual studio?
tool in visual studio 2008 for helping with localization
is it possible to coax visual studio 2008 into using italics for comments?
ssrs - uninstall trial version of vs business intelligence
can i configure visualstudio 2008 to always build the startup project?
what visual studio add-ins do you use?
visual studio color theme
visual studio open files question
how do you configure vs2008 to only open one webserver in a solution with multiple projects?
error viewing csproj property pages in visualstudio2005
.net solution subversion best practices?
ankhsvn cannot connect due to proxy
why doesn't 'shell' work in vbscript in vs6?
what's the best way to manage a classic asp front-end using visual studio 2008?
give me awesome visual studio keyboard short cuts!
changing ctrl+tab behavior for moving between document in visual studio
source control in visual studio isolated shell
best way to license microsoft software as a very small developer
how do i really reset the visual studio window layout?
how to get rid of vsmacros80 folder from project root?
why do my exception stack traces always point to the last method line?
programmatically retrieve visual studio install directory
display solution/file path in visual studio ide
forcing the solution explorer to select the file in the editor in visual studio 2005
how do i check the active solution configuration visual studio built with at runtime?
visual studio identical token highlighting
is there a way to do "intraword" text navigation in vs?
generation of designer file failed
how to remove "vsdebuggercausalitydata" data from soap message?
building a vs2010 project consumes extra resources
integrating a custom gui framework with the vs designer
visual studio hosting process and "the operation could not be completed"
what code snippet editor do you use?
visual studio: build solution vs batch build
how do i get the assembler output from a c file in vs2005
best way to reuse code when using visual studio?
nmake, visualstudio, and .mak files
how can i point visual studio 2008 to a new path for projects?
designing panels without a parent form in vs?
is it possible to convert projects wizard created for msvs 2005 to msvs 2008 format autom
what is a good maintainability index using visual studio 2008 code analysis?
visual studio equivalent to delphi bookmarks
visual studio 2005/2008: how to keep first curly brace on same line?
good way to debug visual studio designer errors
visual studio 2005/2008: how can you share/force all developers to use the same formatting rulles?
custom build numbering in visual studio
working on a visual studio project with multiple users?
what does the exe do in the visual studio setup project output
scripting the visual studio ide
why is visual studio 2005 so slow?
resources for building a visual studio plug-in?
how do i get the click once publish version to match the assemblyinfo.cs file version.
how to find the current name of the test being executing?
how do i force unix (lf) line endings in visual stuido (express) 2008?
common files in visual studio solution
visual studio add-in not going away
tips and tricks for working with microsoft visual studio solutions and project
can visual studio put timestamps in the build log?
"cannot change datatype of a column once it has data" error in visual studio 2005 dataset designer
what is the shortcut key for run to cursor
how to disable visual studio macro "tip" balloon?
what's the state of play with "visual inheritance"
colored build output in visual studio
why the option to use attributes in new atl projects was removed from visual studio 2008?
visual studio 2008 "randomly" hangs on test run
visual studio 2005 crashes on start-up
how do i stop visual studio from automatically inserting asterisk during a block comment?
can ms visual studio compile projects using 2 or 4 cores on cpu?
using makefile instead of solution/project files under visual studio (2005)
continuous integration
does anyone know the shortcut to open a file within your solution
tablet pc sdk (1.7) merge module + vs2008 + windows vista?
how to validate an xml file against a schema using visual studio 2005
why can't visual studio run on more than one core?  cpu at 25%
tool to view the contents of the solution user options file (.suo)
rehsarper 4.0 - renaming a class does not rename the file
what’s the best approach when migrating legacy projects across versions of visual studio?
very slow compile times on visual studio
visual studio automation: enumerate opened windows upon solution loading.
i don't get the concept of visual studio projects and solutions.
how to "add existing item" an entire directory structure in visual studio
compiling code on an external drive
what tool do you use for counting lines of source code in visual studio projects ?
is there a keyboard shortcut for "build page" in visual studio 2005?
how to permanently remove a breakpoint in visual studio 2005 /2008 (asp.net, c#)
visual studio extensibility: adding existing folders to a project
why isn't there a team foundation server express edition?
how do you stop a visual studio generated web service proxy class from encoding?
how can i stop visual studio (both 2005 and 2008) from crashing (sometimes) when i select the "close all but this" option?
how do i keep resharper files out of svn?
stringstream manipulators & vstudio 2003
visual studio 2005 - 'updating intellisense' hang-up
visual studio 2005 error: an error occurred generating a bootstrapper: invalid syntax.
remove vsmacros80 directory
how to get t4 files to build in visual studio?
should i add the visual studio .suo and .user files to source control
[vs] how do i add debug breakpoints to lines displayed in a "find results" window
how to tell if .net code is being run by visual studio designer
disabling copy of empty text in visual studio
tfs annotate/blame summary report for a project
how to make clipboard ring appear in vs2008 toolbox?
best way to do visual studio post build deployment in a team environment?
x86 remote debugger service on x64
visual studio keeps adding blank lines
executing different set of msbuild tasks for each user?
any good powershell msbuild tasks?
how do i enable platform builder mode in vs2008
visual studio 2005: please stop opening my cs files in "design mode"!
mspdbsrv.exe living forever?
visual studio opens default browser instead of ie
visual studio: how to trigger an alarm when a breakpoint is hit?
in visual studio 2008, how can i make control+click do a "go to definition"?
displaying build times in visual studio?
how do you clear your mru list in visual studio?
how do i reference a diagram in a dsl t4 template?
how to automatically remove trailing whitespace in visual studio 2008?
what's the best/fastest/easiest way to collapse all projects in visual studio?
how can i create and develop new database projects in visual studio?
resharper sluggishness
finding errors / warnings in visual studio
vertical line after a certain amount characters in visual studio
using visual studio's 'cl' from a normal command line
visual studio intellisense, c#, no code behind.
what does the option "convert to web application" do if i select it in visual studio?
how to autogenerate multiple getters/setters or accessors in visual studio
best way to learn visual studio power features
what is "missing" in the visual studio express editions?
resharper and viemu keybindings  ( and visual assist )
how to get intellisense on error-marked code in visual studio 2005?
is there a tool to convert a .vim colour definition file to use in vs.net 2008
how do i get my visual studio test suite web test to iterate over my data source
advantages of vs 2008 over vs 2005
can visual studio 2008 work with team system 2005?
"greedy" <delete> and <backspace> in visual studio
number of classes in a visual studio solution
what is your favorite resharper/visual studio shortcut?
can i create a visual studio macro to launch a specific project in the debugger?
visual studio: detecting unneeded assemblies
any suggestions for effectively testing ajax enabled web pages using msvs tester edition tools?
why is visual studio constantly crashing?!
what's the name of visual studio import ui widget (picture inside)
keyboard shortcut to close all tabs but current one in visual studio?
visual studio 2005 says i don't have permission to debug?
what is the optimal vstf source structure? are there any best practices?
favorite visual studio keyboard shortcuts
combo box item comparison and compiler warnings
what is the most common feature that demands the use of visual studio professional over standard?
visual studio color settings for better eye
hidden features of visual studio (2005-2008)?
how do i set specific environment variables when debugging in visual studio?
multiple monitors with visual studio 2008
check if application was started from within visual studio
what's the best way to create a drop-down list in a windows application using visual basic?
which would you rather use: visualsvn or ankhsvn?
including eval / bind values in onclientclick code
what are some good usability addins for visual studio 2008?
can fxcop/stylecop be limited to only analyze selected methods from with visual studio?
reportviewer displaying black background in print layout mode
sharing binary folders in visual studio
what is the best way to inspect stl containers in visual studio debugging?
compartment items not displayed in dsl diagram
running an mvc application through iis results in "directory listing denied"
what is your favorite visual studio add-in/setting.
code review addin for visual studio
disabling single line copy in visual studio
how do you integrate a tdd approach with visualstudio?
"information not found" page in visual studio 2008, vb.net express edition
visual studio solutions / multiple project : how to effectively propagate project properties amongst several projects
using visual studio 2008 to assemble, link, debug, and execute masm 6.11 assembly code
how can you change the visual studio ide profile?
how can i test for an expected exception with a specific exception message in visual studio test?
what does "optimize code" option really do in visual studio?
how to disable a programmatical breakpoint / assert?
how can i customize the syntax highlighting in visual studio 2005?
asp.net framework effects of moving from 2.0 to 3.5?
visual studio: how to break on handled exceptions?
how to export fonts and colors from vs2008 to vs2005?
vs2005 "add new item..." dialog - default item
is there anyway to remove design (and split) views from visual studio 2005/2008?
capture console output for debugging in vs?
any way to do visual studio "project only" build from command line?
visual studio freezing/tfs window might be off screen
visual studio context menu shortcut
where can you find the c# language specifications?
embedding non-edit widgets in a datagridview
how to use system environment variables in vs 2008 post-build events?
how to setup non-admin development in visual studio 2005 and 2003
what plugin would you really like to have for visual studio 2005/2008
cannot access http://<tfs-server>:8080
mfc "warning: skipping non-radio button in group."
how to use "macros" in visualstudio 2008 build events?
expanding a region will expand children in visual studio
are their naming conventions for asp.net web application directory structures?
which language should i pick up: vb.net or c#
keyword highlighting on selection in visual studio 2008
in visual studio how to give relative path of a .lib file in project properties
pdb files in visualstudio bin\debug folders
visual studio ">of" command causes solution explorer to go wacky
visual studio refactoring: remove structured if/end if
determining the port a visual studio web app runs on
prevent visual studio creating browse info (.ncb) files
visual studios link.exe error: "extra operand"
what's required for a clean uninstall of visual studio 2005
in visual studio, when would i want to use the test view?
msbuild directory structure limit workarounds
which visual studio color theme?
visual studio 2008 source control for small teams
viewing the visual sourcesafe log inside visual studio
can i install visual studio 2008 express with vs 2005 ?
what do 'delimiter' and 'inheritsfromparent' tags mean in .vsprops files?
what are the various "build action" settings in vs.net project properties and what do they do?
visual studio support for new c / c++ standards?
automatically adding specified text at beginning of files in vs 2008
is there anyway to tell visual studio not to open all the documents when i load solution?
how do i refresh the relationships in a dataset?
visual studio keyboard shortcut to automatically add the needed using statement
customizing visual studio's intellisense
how to run visual studio post-build events for debug build only
how do i embed a file version in an msi file with visual studio?
structuring projects & dependencies of large winforms applications in c#
extending chart functionality in ssrs
how do i configure visual studio to use the code view as the default view for webservices?
project dependencies across multiple visual studio versions
what is the best way to separate ui (designer/editor) logic from the package framework (like visual studio package)
dll versions and visual studio attach to process
how do i sort my code in visual studio 2008?
visual studio debugger + break when a value changes?
is there a way to keep visual studio from modifying the solution file after every test run?
visual studio 2005: all projects in solution explorer expanded on first opening of solution
visual studio 2008: make ctrl-k, ctrl-n (next bookmark) stay within the same file
prevent legacy function calls in vb.net
creating project fails in visual studio 2005 and vs2008
c# structural highlighting in visual studio 2008
what is microsoft's official stance on using wcf with visual studio 2005?
how do you manage .vcproj files in souce control which are changed by multiple developers?
how did you choose your visual studio productivity addon?
any clever way to launch a makefile in visual studio only if build succeeded?
visual studio database project designers
very slow response for visual studio 2005 web site administration tool
eclipse's crtl+click in visual stdio?
visual studio memory usage
how do i disable the "smart insert" function that is bound to the tab key in the visual studio emacs mode?
is there a way to maximise the current tab in visual studio?
programming on the asus eee pc in visual studio
how to remove paths from tabs in visual studio 2008?
visual studio: is there a "move class to different namespace" refactoring?
using vs 2005 to design abstract forms
can you add documents and spreadsheets to a visual studio project?
what do you do about references when unloading a project in visual studio?
how do you uninstall visual studio sp1 w/ .net 3.5 sp1?
unable to start debug in visual studio 2005
where does the toolbar metadata live in visual studio on the filesystem
visual studio 2008 design surface error: "the operation could not be completed. invalid formatetc structure."
which visual studio debugger features are missing from windbg?
visual studio express any good ?
what is the single best resource for learning the visual studio tools?
any free alternative to visualstudio?
how do you change visual studio's default web browser? (not .aspx)
[best practise] visual studio solution structure for multiple deployable projects
why does visual studio take so long to delete a file
vs 2k8 doesn't release file handle after debugging stops: unable to copy file x to output directory because it is being used by another process.
why doesn't visual studio always render my page correctly when debugging locally?
visual studio 6 processor pack compatibility
good alternatives to visual studio setup projects
hidding source control files within visual studio's solution tree
mixing visual studio versions ok?
team foundation server (tfs) file difference viewer - how to split horizontally
how to assign keyboard shortcut to source control commands in visual studio 2008?
change background color of solution explorer in visual studio
what are your most-recommended visual studio perferences?
visual studio mstest run failing to even start
should the visual studio gui editor be used?
how do i wrap a selection with an html tag in visual studio?
is there a visual studio plugin for sorting build output (scrambled from multi-threaded builds)?
show file tree in visual studio 2005?
editing sql query with visual studio 2008
how to set visual studio as the default post-mortem debugger?
commonclipse for visual studio?
msdn links in visual studio
global find and replace in visual studio
visual studio 2008 -- can i change which "add reference" tab is selected by default?
can i compile legacy mfc applications with visual studio 2008 ?
where are visual studio breakpoints saved?
solution: per application, or per application suite.
debugging with exceptions: how to work around 'break when thrown'
vs2005 + cant select windows service as project type
is it possible to communicate with the visual studio debugger programmatically while debugging?
dow do you set asp.net development web server to not cache any content?
visual studio unit tests throw missingmethodexception when assembly is in gac?
context help in visual studio
include directory in vs 2003
internationalisation in visual studio
why does visual studio keep building my c++ project?
is there a tool to alphabetize css definitions in visual studio?
is there a devenv flag to disable pdb generation at compile time?
how do you move visual studio datatip window
help documenting javascript in visual studio?
displaying japanese fonts in source code using visual studio
how do i rename a project folder from within visual studio?
how do i add a test web service to my project in visual studio?
how do i get output to show up in the messages pane of the error list for visual studio 2005?
creating visual studio toolbar commands to execute batch files
how do you create a visual studio solutio file (.sln) in the same directory as the web project
in visual studio, my design view doesn't load the master page controls. why?
visual studio 2010 sp1 to 11 beta - unit test project cannot be loaded
visual studio debugger tips&tricks (for c/c++ projects)
ability to set the font to italics in visual studio
missing visual studio features when running in 64-bit mode
how to exclude files from visual studio compile?
remote machines cannot connect to visual studio web server
midl generates the same file for /env win32 and /env win64
how do i compile an asp.net website into a single .dll?
iterate enumerable object while debugging in visual studio
enable/disable "step into" debugging on certain project in visual studio solution
visual studio reference x64 gac
shortcut to collapse to definitions except regions
change version informaiton in a built binary
sharing visual studio code snippets amongst a team of developers
vs.net "watched" objects and recursive depth
what would be the most convenient way to connect visual studio 2005 (c#) to oracle8?
.net vs2005 winforms: how do i drop a user control onto a form?
visual studio (2008) mixed mode project depencies. c-sharp project depends on c++ dll, but c++ dll is not getting re-built
visual studio 2008 syntax coloring problem
interpreting visual studio 2005 threads window
how can i make visual studio wrap lines at 80 characters?
implementing a sql server 2008 user-defined function in managed code for geocoding
visual studio opens development servers for all websites in my project
can you configure vs2008 code analysis to use a british english dictionary?
c#: how to include dependent dlls?
your experiences with visual studio 2010 ctp?
what do you use to develop for powershell?
managing reference paths between x86 and x64 workstations in a team
replacing typelibs for imports
is there a standard keyboard shortcut to build the current project in visual studio?
how to prevent tab hell with visual studio and firefox debugging?
creating a vs .net 2003 property macro/variable
shortcut for commenting css in vs 2008
break whenever a file (or class) is entered
how to create xml/xsd equivalent of a dataset or datatable in vs2008 (or other tool)
how do you invoke the visual studio preprocessor from the command line?
is it true, visual studio can't handle fonts installed after it was ?
how to heighlight occurences of a search term in text in visual studio?
ribbon ui for visual studio 2010 or beyond?
will installing the visual studio 2010 +oslo ctp screw my visual studio 08 install?
can ctrl+backspace be made to work in vs2008's solution explorer?
visual studio "find" results in "no files were found to look in. find stopped progress."
404 problem running visual studio asp.net unit test
visual studio - how to remove a reference in release mode
numericupdown control
visualstudio: how to save the obj folder somewhere else
how does visual studio's source control integration work with perforce?
share .obj files between different configurations
fastest way to insert replacement characters in visual studio
visual studio&source control: how to have shared code?
visual basic auto imports namespaces
add references to project when control dropped from visual studio 2008 toolbox
running vc2008 debug builds on non-dev machines
does it worth switching from visual studio 2005 to visual studio 2008 ?
how to add and compile for custom 'platform' switch for visual studio projects?
compiling a .vbproj or .csproj project file without visual studio
visual studio solutions folder as real folders
vs2008 publish problem with unmanaged dlls
in the visual studio sql editor, how do i get rid of the boxes?
how get vs html editor to default to single quotes?
does visual studio have debug symbols available?
invoking functions while debugging with visual studio 2005?
getting started with visual studio designer
how to put bids solutions under source control?
add-in for visual studio - how to access solution explorer
can visual studio automatically expand text with a code snippet?
pausing after debugging command line application in visual studio
how to stop vs2008 trying to compile .asp pages as visual basic?
framework goto definition shows comments, are these generated from xml comments?
team system unit testing and configuration
visual studio: how to store am image resource as an embedded resource?
does visual studio have anything like borland's codeguard?
customizing dockable windows in visual studio
visual studio website reference paths
save all files in visual studio project as utf-8
what's a good directory structure for large c#/c++ solutions?
how to get cmd line build command for vs solution?
visual studio - prevent stopping debugging from closing internet explorer
visual studio: how do i show all classes inherited from a base class?
how to prevent visual studio launch wcfsvchost.exe in debuggin?
is there any best practices for visual studio project/solution structure?
re writting methods with in a project
visual studio: where is intellisense in the immediate window?
visual studio behaves strangely while debugging with breakpoint conditions
visual studio code formatting
t4 not working in visual studio 2008
.net install package sometimes not completely removing previous versions
how to export/import toolbars in visual studio
contextual code generation in visual c# 2008?
opening a vs 2003 c++ project in vs 2008
why isn't my c code being compiled to an exe
msvcr90.dll was not found.
is there a way to specify outlining defaults in visual studio so that a file opens up with members collapsed by default?
split edit window in visual studio
adding a script with scriptmanager on a compositecontrol?
defining macros in visual studio - /d or #define?
how to change the default browser to debug with in vs2008?
debugging with command-line parameters in visual studio.
visual studio - tips for managing work on many open files
chanigng path for custom build step
any way to run a macro (in an open vs instance) from the command line?
why does visual studio 2008 forget where to dock my add-in's window pane?
where are the icons included with visual studio?
how to ensure a mobile app is deployed to the mobile device?
automate "attach to process" in vs2005/2008
using different web.config in development and production environment
what is the easiest way to determine the dependencies of a .net assembly.
how do i get the visual studio load test agent to use the servers second cpu
add a common namespace reference by default to all pages in a project
complex builds in visual studio
how to programmatically cancel an embedded msbuild build
change the location of the ncb file in visual c++ 2008 (9.0)
idispose - visual studio
visual studio: hotkeys to move line up/down and move through recent changes
what could cause visual studio / c# error msb3105: duplicate resources
make visual studio understand camelcase when hitting ctrl and cursor keys
getting rid of "there is no source code available for the current location"
multi-lingual projects in visual studio
how can i toggle word wrap in visual studio.net?
why would visual studio/clr produce a "bad" executable?
remove elusive keyboard binding in visual studio
how to view load test reports by individual request in visual studio team edition
vs2008 navigate to class definition add-in
vs2008 debugging with firefox as default browser - how to make the debugger stop/close on exit?
any have a visual studio shortcut/macro for toggling break on handled/unhandled exceptions?
visual studio tips on getting headers that are used in a given project?
mru list in visual studio is missing
how to free up a key combination in visual studio?
how to reduce linkage time for large project written in native visual c++ ?
visual studio performance choice - esxi or vista?
is there a way to conditionally run visual studio post build steps
how to use dependencies of c++ libs in visual studio regarding the header path
is it possible to start an external program from the target directory when debugging?
vs2010 extensibility - how different is it?
visual studio - show all calls to a function in source code level
what are your favorite, but less obvious, visual studio 2008 tips and tricks?
drag and drop .cs files not using "add as link" in visual studio
how can i clear the warnings sections of the error list in vs2008?
visual studio ide layout tips
what is the optimum number of projects in a visual studio 2008 solution?
visual studio 2008 sometimes won't open .aspx html markup
do you use any of the features in the various visual studio 2008 team editions?
bazaar (bzr) integration with visual studio
automatic tracking of build number in vs 2005?
what do you use (free) to format c# code?
can i create "solution" level items in a visual studio project template?
are there any add-ons for visual studio to help manage todo comments?
make visual studio's find in files default to the project directory?
how to use app.config with visual studio add-in?
what to do about the solution explorer and getting around? suggestions and improvements!
how can i have two concurrent web apps running on vs2008/vss8.0/asp.net/iis for a trunk and branch version?
vs2008 windows form designer does not like my control.
how can i make a setup that makes my software require administrative priviliges while installation?
"microsoft visual c# intellisense has stopped working" in project referencing f#
visual studio - is there a way to select multiple files and wrap a namespace around each of them?
version control of mdf files
creating mdf file from sql script
programming visual studio macros
open a file in visual studio at a specific line number
how do i find a complete list of extensions installed in vs2008?
how does visual studio determine what to copy to the output directory with multi-project solutions?
can i automatically increment the file build version when using visual studio?
what causes visual studio 2005 out-of-order command line builds?
how can i use the "publish" function in visual studio 2008 without erasing the contents of the target folder?
weird vs2008 intelliesense problem
output library project xml to asp.net bin folder on build?
visual studio: how to debug a program using visual studio?
vs2008: launching the executable for a project that isn't the active project in a solution
why is visual c++ lacking refactor functionality?
screen resolution for programming
case preserving find/replace in visual studio
debug/release diffrence
escaping out of the find and replace box in visual studio 2008
change default xml comment snippet in visual studio
errors in windows forms controls in designer view
vs2005: how to not have vs try to parse text file resources as html?
print from visual studio object browser
visual studio hangs on build
what is a solution folder in visual studio
is there a recommended number of lines of code per file?
visual studio - publish to multiple locations?
what are all these visual studio 2005 files for?
visual c++ 2008: how to have global settings defined in a solution
setting both debug and release settings in visual c++ 2008
should the new mfc feature pack contols appear in vs toolbox
changing font for member variables in visual studio
useful add-in's or plug-in's for native visual studio developer
visual studio 2008 fatal execution engine error (7a2e0f92)
globalizing source code
how to make warnings persist in visual studio
visual studio and the build for anycpu option
how to change visual studio auto format
visual studio add-on gallery?
is it possible to enable cleartype on visual studio only?
how do you add an existing directory tree to a project in visual studio
how can i add additional functions to visual studio's server explorer?
visual haskell 2008
how do you get a minimal sdl program to compile and link in visual studio 2008 express?
visual studio attach to process
how to debug "unexpected debug information initialization error -- 'failed to find a required export in the runtime.'"
does it exist an api for "international settings" in visual studio?
visual studio performance with external hard drive
visual stuido: make view code default
office xp shared addin vs 2008
testing in visual studio succeeds individually, fails in a set
how to use office from visual studio c#?
automatically adding .net code comments
how to move autocompleted closing tag in visual studio
is there a fast way to change tabindexes on a form with lots of controls?
vsts database edition and the gdr project structure
visual studio solutions, do you nest them?
need visual studio macro to add banner to all c# files
visual studio + crystal reports + sourcesafe = auto checkout
getting a signature mismatch error when compiling even though it matches in vs.net 2005
visual studio - rewrite / lifespan
[visual studio 2003] setting environment variables in pre-build event and using in compilation step
how to make file show when opening visual studio solution
drawing a line in visual studio .net at design time
visual studio to make
convert asp.net project pages from windows-1251 to utf-8
how to keep the installer's version number in sync with the installed assemblies' version numbers?
attaching to child process automatically in visual studio
collapsible member events in visual studio designer
why doesn't intellisense show the appropriate methods according to what i am passing in?
navigating backward and forward with the mouse in visual studio 2008
how do i customize the auto commenting text in visual studio?
visual studio shortcut for automatically creating constructors from an inherited class
programatically enforce capitalization in visual studio 2008?
attach to iis7 with a macro?
slow "find all references" in visual studio
visual studio shortcut for showing dropdown of availble enum values for function argument
how to get rid validation warnings
how can i add two projects..vs2008
including a vb project within a vc++ project
does anybody have experience with visual studio 2008 on windows 7?
showing generic class eg table<string> in xml comments in visual studio.
using studio's "custom tool" in msbuild
why is visual studios installer not picking up dependencies
vs2005: assembly '<assembly>' is incorrectly specified as a file.
can one access testcontext in an assemblycleanup method?
visual basic compiler keeps crashing
can intellisense be exported or extracted from visual studio to a text file?
are there any known issues of vs 2003/2005 and 2008 coexisting?
moving an arbitrary setting to a toolbar in visual studio
how to run just one asp.net development server in visual studio 2008?
f6 for compiling?
automatically attach vs2005 debugger to a child processes
visual studio tip
keep indentation of wrapped lines in visual studio 2008
auto-sync visual studio's class view
how can i use gdb from inside visual studio c++ (express) to debug my gcc makefile projects?
how to unit-test a file writing method with visual studio's built-in automated tests?
pascal syntax highlight in visual studio ?
how do i make microsoft vcc crash out on the first build-error?
how to make a visual studio add-in that cannot be unloaded?
mysterious cosmetic visual studio editor issue
how to configure visual studio not to give uac prompt on each run?
how to stop visual studio from automatically creating solution files
visual studio vs. sql server management studio - your pick
number of solutions in a visual studio solution
can i have a hit-point in visualstudio that skips lines?
visual studio - how to change the return value of a method in the debugger ?
return value alternative in managed code
xml comments: to use or not to use?
visual studio
visual studio 2008 reports: relative image paths?
mixing static libraries of c code  built from different versions of visual studio 2002 and later
insert tracepoint: how to set the default message?
what are your most frequently used shortcut keys in visual studio?
is there a way to run an outside executable after a specific solution is built in visual studio 2008?
is it safe to use incremental rebuild for generating release build in visual c++ ?
what messaging/communication programs can be embedded into visual studio?
do i need to buy visual studio professional?
removing sourcesafe integration from visual studio 6
how can i map out which visual studio solutions use which projects?
scrollbar in datagridview
why should i not use the /optimize switch to compile my c# code?
datagridview/listview - display in an outlook style?
crystal reports: new page
visualstudio-based rich client platform
what is the visual studio 08 c# assembly information guid setting for?
how to make visual studio take automatic actions on check-in?
best type of visual studio project for a simple collection of files?
visual studio: preserving syntax coloring when pasting code into html
is there a way to make a region of code "read only" in visual studio?
how do i create a "virtual" folder in a visual studio 2008 project?
can i reformat html in visual studio without removing blank lines ?
are there any jira plugins for visual studio?
what's an easy way to access prebuild macros such as $(solutiondir) and $(devenvdir) from code in c#?
why would my asp.net project run on the development server when not among the startup projects?
default news feed on visual studio start page (c# profile)
how do i prevent visual studio from renaming my controls?
visual studio: how to figure out where this type is defined?
loads of extra space at bottom of class in visual studio 2008 c# express
is there any way to avoid installing microsoft visual studio 2008 team system database edition to be able to build dbpro projects on a centralized build server?
best practices: ide code color scheme and font
using visual studio 2005 with clearcase eclipsed files
is it possible to insert a mult-line code snippet relative to the cursor position in visual studio?
tools for inspecting .lib files?
how do i enter a datetime value in the vs quickwatch window?
how can i stop cl.exe from terminating when a user logs out?
how can easily view the contents of a datatable or dataview in the immediate window
visual studio extension to map solution folders to real folders
is form display dependent on development machine in visual studio?
visual web developer and multiple sites on the same ftp server
does the vs disassembly window show the whole exe?
convert visual studio project to asp.net mvc
in visual studio can i plot my variable in breakpoint ?
copy always to output directory does not work
how to profile methods in dependent assemblies in a unit test instrumentation performance session?
crystal reports chanes text to lower case.
why does visual studio 2005/2008 keep 'forgetting' to color code and format?
unable to launch the asp.net development server because port '1900' is in use.
visual studio: how to reference assemblies in visual studio?
why does the extract method command in visual studio create static methods?
code template's indentation is buggy for code behind files in vs2005?
why does visual studio want to check-out a file when open?
update all wcf service references in one click (two clicks would be ok too!)
validate all aspx, ascx and html files when building
copy-paste code from visual studio, but paste unformatted code
aside from the addins folder, where (and how) do vs add-ins get deployed?
organizing classes into namespace in the app_code folder not working as expected.
how do you clear your visual studio cache on windows vista
visual studio c++ debugger: no hex dump?
awesome visual studio macros
smart tool (addin?) for creating class body from header file
vs2008 files and "start debugging"
fxcop on build (visual studio 2008 professional)
how to generate build dependencies after custom build tool has been launched ?
visual studio: what is the app_data folder used for?
add codebase as reference instead of copy visual studio
how to configure msbuild to do some tasks only on release builds?
why does visual studio debugging mode does not work properly (performing f5 when f11 was pressed)
team is going from xp32 to xp64 for .net development - any gotchas?
unicode basics on windows
how do i have an icon  displayed when a setup cd is autoplayed in windows.
how do i specify a publisher for the setup.exe when a setup cd is autoplayed in windows.
why can't i debug?
visual studio vs visual web developer
per language settings in visual studio 2008
can i change the warning setings for web sites in visual studio?
solution items cross several web projects in visual studio
visual studio - automatically refresh class view when changing class.
how to quickly organize functions in source code (c#) to order by alpabetical order?
regenerate missing assemblyinfo.cs in vs 2005
how do i apply a set of properties to a subset of files in a visual studio project?
how to see the normal tooltip information in visual studio instead of the error help
drawing lines in visual studio for compact framework 2.0
most efficient way to cut/paste in visualstudio
appropriate vs project for multiple .net sites
tortoise subwcrev.exe pre-build event
why don't code snippets work for me in visual studio?
what event is raised when a file is added to a project?
visual studio plugin to allow opening 2005 solutions with 2008?
why does the visual studio ide sometimes initialize the "this.components object: and other times not?
spicing up the visual studio ide
refactoring plug-in for visual studio 2003
strange visual studio 2008 behavior when pressing keys
delete files from disk that aren't in a visual studio project
per-filetype "view whitespace" setting in visual studio
can optimizations affect the ability to debug a vc++ app using its pdb?
getting the gui of an app that went poof!
what is the purpose of browse information generated by visual studio
can you disable autohide animation in visual studio docking?
can you set vs2008 to break on an error inside a try-catch statement
visual studio vs. #develop - default event handlers
breakpoints behaving strangely in visual studio
disable designer in visual studio?
visual studio 2008 unnecessary project building
how to order variables alphabetically (visual studio 2008)
any way to keep myself from accidentally building in the wrong visual studio configuration?
huge abouticondata block in add-in file
what 's your favorate way when debugging your program in visual studio?
manually finding the size of a block of text
how to change the title bar text of visual studio
visual studio: contextswitchdeadlock
only onconnection fires in visual studio add-in
problem with class wizard in vc++ express edition
w3schools gives some basic example for web based languages is there any kind of equiverlent for studio basic?
vs2008 macro: perform action on every code file in the solution
visual studio 2008 sp1 and visual sourcesafe 2005
vertical line limiter in vs 2008?
attach existing vs.net 2008 instance that's already debugging as jit debugger
adding existing form to c++/cli winforms project
can i generate values for a custom parameter such as a timstamp for a visual studio item template?
what visual studio files should be ignored by subversion to eliminate, or at least lessen, conflicts?
debuggerdisplay attribute does not work
writing two dimensional array to file and reading two dimensional array from file using visual c++
vs get returned value in c# code ?
how to work with multiple coincident panel controls in vs 2008 windows forms
good techniques to use makefiles in visualstudio?
eclipse's tab double click on visual studio?
visual studio task panel
would you like to continue and run the last successful build?
macro to wrap selected with tags in visual studio
how to work-around "object required" error when adding a variable in an atl dialog
where is visual c++ redistributable installer in vs 2008?
how do i merge two different visual studio solutions?
howto speedup visual studio(2005/2008) toolbox initialization
visual studio, ms build
make visual studio deploy a folder's content without having to update it in the project
what are the licensing terms of the visual studio image libraries?
suggestions for maintaining visual studio vcproj project files in version control
visual studio switch statement formatting
easily (gui?) creating custom vs project template?
how to make the visual studio compiler ignore a file?
developers with vs 2005 and vs 2008 working on the same project(s)
already have msdn with team system test edition, how do i....
permissions error registering assembly
tool to automatically reformat whole c# source tree in vs2008?
unmanged x64 assemblies in mixed .net development environment
visual studio addin development - how to resolve the "the process cannot access the file" problem after exiting visual studio?
visual studio move current document to the left.
how do i tell vs 2008 to stop putting byte-order marks in front of my files?
cannot add server to visual studio server explorer
visual studio: is there an incremental search for the entire solution?
how to begin a text selection in a visual studio macro
visual studio formatting options
how to relocate visual studio project (.sln) file
coderush for c# issues
visual studio addin - "file in zombie state" error
how to generate multi part assembly ( per folder) in visual studio for custom library project , c#?
do visual studio 2005 testing tools contain tools for mocking?
variable quantity columns report
version number inside assemblyinfo.cs update outside visual studio
highlight user-specified words in visual studio?
excluding page from release build in asp.net project
visual studio addin - finding current solution folder path
how to add enviromental variable to vs solution (.sln )
disabling default xml schemas in visual studio?
visual studio won't make debug dll
how can i get office-like autocorrect in visual studio?
visual studio unit test - the member specified could not be found.
why does this take so long to compile in vcc 2003?
shorten delay when hovering over auto-hide panel / toolbars in visual studio '08
can you print javascript variables from a visual studio 2008 tracepoint?
creating registerable visual studio packages
how to remove projects/ solutions from recent projects window in visual studio 2005
disabling stylecop rules
visual studio warning level meanings?
visual studio projects with multiple folders
test view keeps dissapearing in visual studio
vs2008 setup project installing extra dependency files
close all files in visual studio on exit
mstest copy file to test run folder
visual studio & subversion : what about machine specific files
where are project level imports stored in visual studio 2008?
vssettings
how to make document tabs in visual studio 2008 appear in left-to-right order, just as it was in earlier vs?
anyone using "database projects" in visual studio? never heard people even mentioning them. are they so bad?
default using directives in new c# files
vim style folding for css/javascript in visual studio
is there a breakpoint plugin for visual studio?
visual studio 2003, macro, process.attach not working always
how to debug external class library projects in visual studio?
how do i force visual studio to use an open instance when double clicking a file?
vs intellisense: can you hide extension methods?
using envdte.solution - how to remove source control bindings
re-enabling javascript debugging in ie7 with visual studio
visual studio/c++: how to turn off certain first-chance exception debug messages?
are there any drawbacks to running visual studio remotely?
visual studio 2008 - distribute library with sample-application - ensure no access to the source-code of the library
visual studio plug-in that mimics eclipse environment
vmware workstation overrides vs2008 hotkeys
visual studio macro to paste similar to string.format
problem with large solutions and service factory
where is the 'autos' view in msdev 2005 ?
how do i get a code window to split vertically in visual studio 2008? (not html mode)
resolving resx references
avoiding too many configurations for a visual studio project
visual studio 2005 - c++ - what controls the manifest creation
would readyboost have an impact on visual studio 2008?
what is the best ruby on rails environment for a visual studio user?
a first chance exception
msvcp80.dll not found while using tbb
build won't copy system.drawing to output folder.
how to link multiple visual studio solutions together?
visual studio: printing all source files in a solution?
building projects in visual studio
visual studio project is placing object files in unrelated project directory. help.
best practices in visual studio c++
shortcut key for 'view in object browser'
vbproj / csproj
can you add custom t4 templates to the vs2008 "add new item" dialog?
visual studio debug visualizer for all types
linqpad feature - does vs do this?
visual studio unmanaged c++ smart file explorer
how to display placeholder value in wpf visual studio designer until real value can be loaded
how to set standard encoding in visual studio
is there a visual studio shortcut for replacing the beginning and ending tag name in xaml/xml/html at once?
string compare not working in visual c++ 2005
web client software factory unit testing big fail
how to increase the time tooltips remain visible in visual studio
how do you default a new class to public when creating it in visual studio?
visual studio database edition: deploy to db without visual studio
vs2008 crashes with "fatal execution engine error"
how do i write a custom start page for vs 2008?
vs: automatic "argumentnull' check ?
how to navigate to begining/end of a curly brace by selecting one of the braces in visual studio 2005.?
sharepoint feature to install webpart and custom list.
debug vs release build in visual studio c++ 2008 win32 runtime issue
where is the visual studio layout saved?
visual studio 2008 macro to switch between header and source files?
library for parsing visual studio solution files?
is there a way to force visual studio 2008 (or below) to use a spellchecker for comments?
how do i get rid of the unknown property name errors in visual studio?
visual studio class/file templates: is there a way to change their content automatically per project/solution?
how should i set up external resources in my project?
visualstudio immediate window command for clear all
referencing a com assembly in visual studio vs converting a com assembly via tlbimp.exe
how do i stop visual studio from launching a new browser window every single time i hit the start debugging button?
how do i stop resharper from inserting "object" when i type "new {"
make visualstudio c# have files/folders outside of the project directory.
how do you get server blocks <% %> to format well in visual studio?
visual c++ error c2143: syntax error: missing ')' before 'constant'
project (bin) folder path at compile time?
connect visual studio 2008 to virtual pc 2007
in visual studio (2008) is there a way to have a custom dependent file on another custom file?
how to return an error from .bat in visual studio project?
how to remove, reinstall and/or find info about visual studio 2008 hotfixes?
is there a way to use vs with a remote site accessible only by sftp?
open two instances of a file in single visual studio session
shared files between projects in visual studio
custom color settings in vs.net editor for current line when in debug mode
visual studio test project - does not copy folder on deployment
how to disable the "auto format" feature of visualstudio2008 editor?
problem with const vs #define in visual studio
how to "watch" character values of a string on visual studio?
breakpoints not being hit
how to get program files path in visual studio configuration
do you have performance problems when you work on visual studio projects via a network share?
preventing visual studio from building all projects when debugging one
vs2008 solution template
turn off auto formatting in visual studio
visual studio clipboard problem
is it possible to customize the colors of rockscroll's variable syntax highlighting?
can't see methods, etc. in visual studio 2008 c# code
visual studio: default settings
c++/cli: linker gives "resolved token" for win32 function
need help on setting web service proxy dynamically without build?
how do you build a debug .exe (msvcrtd.lib) against a release built lib (msvcrt.lib)?
how do i fix this visual studio keyboard mapping problem?
quick way to insert interface methods to a class in visual studio 2005
saxon.net xslt 2.0 processor
visual studio and mysql
what to look out for when moving from visual studio 2005 to 2008?
visual studio - remove custom control from designer window
i wan't to delete all bin and obj folders to force all projects to rebuild everything
a project with output type of class library cannot be started directly - with a startup exe
what is tab #13119 on  my vs 2008 toolbox?
how to get visual studio external tools to use a currently open instance of the external tool?
pre-build events for visual studio deployment projects?
visual studio 2008 pro - how to get a quick report about the number of files/classes/lines of code in a solution or project
visual studio - view type from metadata
updating the version number of all assemblies in a solution
format code from ide ( vs2008)
how to automatically convert vs2003 classes to partial designer.cs files?
in visual studio (2008), can i start up a website debug session as the web root?
how to maintain scroll position after postback in web application created in visual studio 2003
using visual studio macro names to launch external applications doesn't work?
how to delete files in visual studio pre-build event command line
how can i highlight the active line in visual studio, without using resharper?
can visual studio be made to debug child processes like windbg?
one executable that starts as gui application or console application based on command line in vs2005
is there a tool for emailing shelveset's and history items from within visual studio team system?
create sql database and add to project using visual studio
whats the "browser file" in visual studio 2008, and why we may need it?
find all .rpt files in vs solution
is a seperate visual studio license required for a build machine?
visual studio (or resharper) variable and method coloring
how to associate external files with an assembly
what references does visual studio add when i accidentally click add new winform?
visual studio 2008 - customise right click menu
how do i get rid of the dots!
asp.net mvc development tool
how do you deal with multiple open files of the same name in visualstudio?
multiple web application deployment targets in visual studio 2008?
how to keep visual studio debugger visualizers from timing out?
best visual studio 2008 debugging tutorial?
how to programatically add a tracepoint for visual studio?
what's event that visual studio 2008 do after post build event?
c# 2008 express: project type (.csproj) is not supported by this version of the application.
how do you use the immediate window in visual studio?
visual studio debugging/building
where is visual studio com project template?
visual studio project template multiple project types
icon of project in visual studio
vstemplate with build action
getting visual studio to ignore source control bindings in a solution
visual studio or resharper shortcut to close currently selected file in ide
how to make error list window automatically active during compilation in visual studio?
how to break on insert in visual studio / sql server 2005
.net 2.0 setup project in visual studio 2008
how to get visual studio's designer to render css correctly in an asp.net web user control?
calling visual studio 2005 external tool without changing focus
debugging sometimes very slow
optimization settings in vs
add solution folder for vs 2008?
displaying code sections with a different background color?
override visual syntax highlighting through a plug-in?
how can i inhibit warning 2400 in visual studio 2005?
visual studio find and replace variables
what is the easiest way to create a overview 'outline' of  the most important sections  of an app  in vs 2005 (vb.net) ?
visual studio 2008 new web site always creates a solution folder
is there a windows equivalent of edquot?
visual studio - new filter instead of new folder when using create project from existing source wizard
i can't create new project on visual web developer 2008 express
how to automatically insert preprocessor and comment blocks into a new c++ header file in visual studio?
how can you automaticly insert a namespace for a visual studios snippet?
which projects do you include in your solutions
are there reasons to use visual studio 2005 when 2008 is available?
api/framework to generate visual studio solutions/projects
create a wpf library in visual studio express
visual studio 2005 is slow for c++
sys.debug messages not appearing in vs debugger output window
how can i move the cursor in insert mode in viemu (w/o using the arrow keys)?
upgrading to vs 2008 professional from web developer edition
why visual studio doesn't create a public class by default?
how can i load an image saved in database to visual studio reportviewer 2008?
flowcharting tool/add-in for visual studio
is there a visual studio plugin that spellchecks strings and comments?
what are microsoft's public symbol servers useful for?
is it possible to use vs2008 built libraries from a vs2003 solution?
how to enter long sql text sample data with visual studio?
vs2008 express editions and resources
how do i determine which service pack visual studio is running?
visual studio 2008 freezing when editing aspx/master pages
"go to definition" in visual studio only brings up the metadata
setting the tabindex property of many form controls in visual studio?
how to change source file encoding in csharp project (visual studio / msbuild machine)?
visual studio - can i export templates via command line?
run visual studio 2008 macro on pre build event
collapse all visual studio toolbox regions shortcut
how to add windows mobile 6.1 image to vs 2008 device emulator manager ?
how do i get the "publish website" command to emit pdb files for my visual studio 2005 web site project?
best way to eliminate all intermediate files from visual studio project folders?
stop visual studio from closing program after finish
how will adding datasources to datdgrids in my development version of an asp.net web application affect deployment?
what is the shorcut in visual studio to switch from code behind to xaml code ?
visual studio 2008 help slow to load... how come?
reopen last closed tab in visual studio
install vs 2008 prof.
vs 2005 toolbox messed up
how to valid that some template does *not* compile for given argument types?
visual studio 2008 - is hand coding ~80% of the time too much?
getting started with visual studio 2008 plug-in / add-in development
finding references in visual studio
visual studio: stop copying dll files during build without my permission!
what's the cheapest way to get a visual studio 2008 standard edition license?
is it possible to have version-independent dll references in a class?
how to create a visual studio setup project registry value with the application install path?
please explain what an outlook add-in is
how to use environment variables within visual studio 2008 project properties?
unable to open the web site: http://.. forbidden
best way to reference an external library in multiple projects in a visual studio solution
prevent visual studio from trying to load symbols for a particular dll
can vs_version_info be added to non-exe files?
c++ class - increment and decrement attribute every n milliseconds
what's the most abused features in visual studio / c#?
reflectedschemas folder in the user's appdata folder (visual studio)
is there anything i can do to make "help" load faster in visual studio 2008?
how do i open a new visual studio instance using envdte?
can visual studio 2010 beta be installed side by side with vs2008?
cocreateinstance without an addref()?
on which os should i try the vs2010 beta1? which emulator is faster?
problem with visual studio 2010 with windows 7 rc1
can i write to the test results window "error message" field without failing a test?
way to see assigned visual studio shortcuts with given prefix
generating member for labels:  any reason i should?
unable to debug web service project in visual studio 2008
visual studio add-in querystatus() calls
does visual studio is only used for programing ?
what is .net framework ?
