drawing a view hierachy into a specific content in cocoa
nsenumerator performance vs for loop in cocoa
change templates in xcode
error code reference for osx/cocoa
best way to draw text with opengl and cocoa?
unfiltering nspasteboard
good ways to learn cocoa?
dynamically hiding columns in a nstableview
esc and enter keys in cocoa dialog
cpan/gem-like repository for objective-c and cocoa?
best way to remove from nsmutablearray while iterating?
how can i dynamically create a selector at runtime with objective-c?
how can i trigger core animation on an animator proxy during a call to resizesubviewswitholdsize?
setprimitivevalue:forkey: and to-many relationships
cross-model relationships in nsmanagedobjectmodel from merged models?
best way to make nsrunloop wait for a flag to be set?
handling exceptions raised during method called via nsobject's performselectoronmainthread:withobject:waituntildone:
objective-c tidy
avoiding, finding and removing memory leaks in cocoa
how to tell if the user's using 24 hour time using cocoa
what is the best way to solve an objective-c namepsace collision?
is there a better way to find midnight tomorrow?
how to change the height of an nsprogressindicator?
nsautoreleasepool in nsoperation main?
how to scale a uiimageview proportionally ?
why can't i select symbolic links in nsopenpanel?
what's the best way to validate a user-entered url in a cocoa application?
is there a pattern for dealing with non-memory resources on cleaning up an objc object?
locating bundles by identifier
how to determine if currency symbol is to the left or right of a number on macos
implementing a kvo/bindings-compliant bridge-pattern in cocoa
cocoa bad habits
how do you start debugging a cocoa app with a url?
[nspredicateroweditortemplate templateswithattributekeypaths:inentitydescription:] for to-many key?
nsdatepickerelementflags for nsdatepicker row editor returned from [nspredicateroweditortemplate templateswithattributekeypaths:inentitydescription:]
modify spotlight metadata for a file outside spotlight importer?
uuid mismatch detected with the loaded library
best way to implement touchesmoved
how do i create a temporary file with cocoa?
stitch picture in iphone
loading custom framework in iphone
device information from nsevent/cgevent
how do you print out a stack trace to the console/log in cocoa?
calling performselectoronmainthread => multithreaded app?
can we use cocoa httpserver in ipad?
what's a good way to bind from a shared utility window and the frontmost document window?
can you detect a ctrl-click (context menu) request in the mousedown event?
is there an equivalent technique in cocoa for the synchronous trackpopupmenu in windows?
obtaining the maximum width and height of a font
best practices for using version-controlling on cocoa projects
how would one implement a sidebar similar to mail/itunes/finder/etc in cocoa/ib?
how can i use custom animations for onorderout in core animation?
stop text from wrapping with nslayoutmanager
is parentviewcontroller always a navigation controller?
dealing with objects returned from cocoa convenience methods
create nsstring by repeating another string a given number of times
nsdateformatter won't parse dates using locale settings?
what are alternatives to objective-c for mac programming?
how do i collect key input in a video-game style cocoa app?
mac os x - system preference pane won't open
to use cocoa bindings or not?
is it possible to access the previous/current value of a proxy object using kvo?
uiviewcontroller vs. uiview - which one should create subviews?
weird bindings issue
does a newly produced mac application need to support 10.4, and can i both support 10.4 and prepare for 64bit?
changing font tracking in cocoa
sync services client and schema xcode project structure
nsalert without bouncing dock icon
unit test to verify object getting deallocated
error handling in core data
how should i rotate a uiview, without altering the location of the touch events i get?
fetching core data entities, but not sub-entities
display hidden characters in nstextview
in-memory mime-type detection with cocoa (os x)?
how can i change the way nsbuttoncell objects highlight when clicked?
observing an nsmutablearray for insertion/removal
how can i detect that the number of rows in an nstableview has changed?
how can i make my nsscroller subclass have a different width?
how do you develop an application to draw, edit and save uml models in cocoa?
dependency injection framework for cocoa?
good database library/orm for cocoa development
nsborderlesswindowmask window wont show nspanels if not front most window
debugging cocoa app
getting a unique id for a window of another application
how do i create a cocoa window programmatically?
nstableview - nsbuttoncell data source type?
what are the factors to decide between using core data versus rolling out a custom model?
how can i pass a class name as an argument to an object factory in cocoa?
encrypting data in cocoa, decoding in php (and vice versa)
how does apple make the info.plist display its "information property list"?
extracting 32-bit rgba value from nscolor
should +initialize/+load always start with an: if (self == [myclass class]) guard?
posix error 14 (bad address) on open read stream in cocoa.  hints?
nsapplication delegate and preference panes
setneedsdisplay not working?
nstableview -setdatasource not working when triggered by fsevents
cocoa: memory management with nsstring
cocoa threadsafe mutable collection access
are there are any cocoa-based data (er) modeling applications for mac os x?
managing multiple asynchronous nsurlconnection connections
threadsafe uitableview
case-insensitive kvc in cocoa?
how are the classes in the sketch example appkit application separated into models/views/controllers?
delayed call, with possibility of cancelation
how can i troubleshoot my custom url scheme?
global variables in cocoa/objective-c?
nsstring's initwithdata:encoding: return type issue
javascript developer looking for insperation from frameworks such as cocoa
iphone dev: passing object from controller to a view
how do i get each line from an nsstring?
pixel perfection with uibutton to cover a uitableviewcell
how can i use cocoa's accessibility api to detect that a window is brought to front?
encrypted web services connections and pk12 certificates
setting the nsbrowsercell image using bindings?
what's the difference between a coreanimation layer backed view and a layer hosting view
changing mac os x user password programmatically or via script
create a colored bubble/circle programmatically
how do i keep an nspathcontrol updated with the selected cell in an nsbrowser
a good place to find interface builder plugins…
how to i change the main menu in cocoa?
temporary text attributes causing massive slowdown
helper functions in cocoa
how do i find the correct case of a filename?
calculating connection/download speed
cocoa interface style
why does my nib's window close immediately?
abstract class memory management in cocoa
looking for info on custom drawing of interface components (cocoa)
do i still need to learn about managing memory now that objective-c/cocoa has garbage collection?
what is the best way to model an association class in core data?
how useful is nsobject's ismemberofclass: method?
graphic effects library for core graphics?
nstask and which not finding my installed git location
adding a subview below my uitableview
how do i draw a badge on my dock icon using cocoa?
what's the easiest way to create an array of structs?
when does using structs make sense in cocoa?
how do i get controls on an nspanel to look correct?
how to give nswindow a particular background color
loading data into a cocoa view before the application loads
parsing unsupported date formats in via cocoa's nsdate
display os x window full screen on secondary monitor using cocoa
syncing a core data model with a web service
cocoa nsdocument: getting autosave to work
how to create a series of dates in cocoa for a week
how to call the c static library in a cocoa app ?
how to create a binding for nsapp.docktile's
best resource to learn application programming? (.net/cocoa/etc)
drawing on desktop in mac os x
cocoa/objective-c - can i somehow see the implementation files?
parsing xml from an https url using nsxmlparser?
performance tuning in cocoa application
should i use nsdecimalnumber to deal with money?
regular expressions in cocoa / objective-c.
simple string parsing in cocoa / objective-c: parsing a command line into command and arguments.
how to get the filepath when drag it from finder to a webview?
com.finder.desktopservices asks for admin password when copying files
pyobjc vs rubycocoa for mac development, which is more mature?
how do i create nscolor instances that exactly match those in a photoshop ui mockup?
returning a pointer to memory allocated within a function in cocoa objective-c.
initwithframe not called, but awakefromnib is
is there  a way to get coordinates relative to the innermost nsview when the parent is not the window?
how to make a transparent nsview subclass handle mouse events?
how to open a launch nswindow in cocoa on a button click
licensing technology for os x applications?
core animation with a core graphics drawing
how can i access specific subsets of a large nsdictionary in cocoa?
how do i make the value binding of nstokenfield supply an nsstring?
encoding cgpoint struct with nscoder
when is an nspersistentdocument's data store moved to final save location?
how to tell when a qtmovie starts playing?
nsmutablearray memory management
in cocoa, how can i display the spinning nsprogressindicator in a different color?
directly passing html code into webkit
how do i cross fade text to an nstextview and an image to an nsimageview in a cocoa app?
examples of cocoa/objective-c and distributed objects?
how to show a local image in the webview?
mouseover in nstableview
in cocoa, how can i darken everything displayed in a single nsview?
in cocoa, is there a proper way to handle overlapping nsview siblings?
"mousedragged" but nsopenglview not refreshed until "mouseup"
on os x, seperating a gui into multiple nib files and nsview subclasses
lower case "k" in cocoa
what does the ns prefix means?
what's the best way to trim whitespace from a string in objective-c?
writing to an iframe from nstextview
creating cgimagecontext for resizing uiimage fails in simulator
key-value-observing a to-many relationship in cocoa
how to use nsstring drawinrect to centre text?
how to add a file selector/opener in cocoa with interface builder?
link an array controller to an array in xcode via outlets
how can i make an nsoutlineview where some of the entires are buttons?
how to show the logged messages window in xcode
how to declare a function in cocoa after the function using it?
why is my comparing if statement not working?
is there a framewok / api i could use to export iphone-sdk's abrecordref instances to vcard?
how can i divide a bound array in parts that automatically fill the table?
shared objects in cocoa
bind user defaults to different identifier
drawing massive amounts of data in nsview, or something else?
custom nscontrol target/action howto!
how do i dispose of my own sharedinstance in objective-c?
how to use mac os x cocoa events for multitouch gestures
outlineview:datacellfortablecolumn:item: has strange side effect
how does one reproduce the inset text style when drawing text with mac os x cocoa?
use settarget: message of a cell to make the target file's owner
nsxmlparser and error constants
can i use nsurlcredentialstorage for http basic authentication?
what open source cocoa/cocoa touch frameworks are out there?
multiple custom controls that use mousemoved in one window...
best practices for passing data between processes in cocoa
best way to handle multiple nstableview(s)
how do i add a third party framework to xcode project?
do nsshowallviews and nsshowalldrawing work with xcode 3, os x 10.5.6 ?
what cocoa/core foundation helper functions do you wish you knew about 2 years ago?
which is easier for beginners: rubycocoa or objc/cocoa
customising an nstextfieldcell depending on the isenabled biding of the table column
how do you explicitly animate a calayer's backgroundcolor?
why is movie jumpy when i play simultaneously in 2 cocoa views?
nsoutlineview - auto-expand all nodes
nsnumberformatter: plussign vs. positiveprefix
core data vs sqlite3
cocoa/iphone: backgroundcolor and opaque properties
create an uri for an application
binding nstextfield to nsnumber
[self arguments] in nsscriptcommand
two asynchronous nsurlrequests using objective-c for iphone
tips for reducing core animation memory usage
implementing "scrubby sliders" in cocoa?
how to implement gradient button bar in cocoa
explanation of cocoa @selector usage.
remove correctly selected nsmanagedobjects
how to get the path and url of the temp image ?
how do you gui-test your cocoa apps?
nsmanagedobjectcontextobjectswillchangenotification
observevalueforkeypath:ofobject:change:context: doesn't work properly with arrays
is it possible to observe a readonly property of an object in cocoa?
how can i reset a cocoa nssearchfield programmatically?
nstreecontroller - malloc double free error
nsstring into nsdata
how to show another swf file in the webview which showing a swf file?
running cocoa app under otest causes dyld_misaligned_stack_error in release mode
handle osx dock drag n drop
creating a quartz composer style interface
hide nswindowtoolbarbutton
extending the attributes inspector in interface builder
navigation controller strategy with an address book picker
uitextfield changing font size via interface builder
highlight nstoolbaritems
objective-c networking - best practices?
is it possible to bind the null placeholder in cocoa?
catransform3d vs. cgaffinetransform?
nscolor with calibrated values works differently than regular color??
convert characters to html entities in cocoa
observing properties with custom accessors
core animation - sheet-like window sliding
set default values for a global variable in a custom class?
binding two different model-key-paths to the same nsarraycontroller selection
nstimeinterval to readable nsnumber
disable option-enter line breaks in nstextfield?
best way to escape characters like newline and double-quote in nsstring
copy/paste not working in modal window
how can i get the icon for a storage device in mac os x?
can i end editing for the field editor's control without disrupting focus?
feedback framework for cocoa
₡urr€nc¥ i$ ki₤₤ing me!
have you ever used nszonemalloc() instead of malloc()?
what describes the "file's owner" best in objective-c / coca nib?
writing a string to nspasteboard
traversing multiple core data objects using nspredicate
binding a custom nsview: does it demand creating an ibplugin ?
subclassing a nstextfield
why does cocoa returns an empty string occasionally?
register as login item with cocoa?
how to make an itunes like (playlists, library) left-sided (collapsible) navigation bar?
setting up kvo for calculated values, based on calculated values.
arrow keys with nstableview
how to show a title of  document window without icon?
using single quote when building a string in cocoa
cocoa color indicator bling?
what leads to a no suitable image found error on mac os x?
double click a nstableview row in cocoa?
how to hide the dock icon
cocoa qtkit and recording movies
cocoa without interface builder, initialize an instance of app controller?
add app to the "startup items"
how do you read a third-party cocoa project?
how to drag nsstatusitems
cocoa/objective-c nsprocessinfo weirdness...
weird build error, problem with class name?
qtkit, opening input devices???
using frameworks in a command line tool
creating a core data inverse relationship
what is a referencing outlet?
cross platform development - go with a cross platform ui toolkit or native on multiple platforms?
nsmutablearray count always returns zero
how do i dismiss a sheet with the escape key?
escaped unicode to unicode character in cocoa
cfstringref to nsstring
cocoa/opengl coordinate transformations
how should i remove all items from an nstableview controlled by nsarraycontroller?
where do you put cleanup code for nsdocument sub-classes?
nstableview and nsoutlineview drag and drop help
cocoa - suggested techniques for debugging binding problems between xcode and interface builder
how can i create a gui and react to cocoa events programatically?
pixel size od nsbitmapimagerep
how do i detect if an application is document-based?
why do nsstring and nslog appear to handle %c and %lc (and %s and %ls) differently?
nstextfield with "padding" on the right
cocoa binding to a particular item in an array controller
wrap nsbutton title
why isn't my sheet attached to the window it's run for?
how to prevent the os x text layout engine from automatically "flipping" lines with right-to-left text?
why does -[nstextstorage replacecharactersinrange: withattributedstring:] sometimes, sometimes not honor fonts in other character sets?
the easiest way to write nsdata to a file
reloading a table view in an iphone app?
which delegate method i should use when i cliked on a textfield?
how do i get objects in the responder chain to handle `inserttext:` messages?
how should a custom view update a model object?
nstableview sort not getting correct id
which delegate method i should use to respond to clicks on a text field?
nsview with variable number of items inside
how to show a splash ui before app run?
cocoa: [statusitem setview:myview] makes a white bar menu item no matter what
how can i get notified of a system time change in my cocoa application?
making an nstextfield act like a "microwave timer", store as nsnumber
why would i make an all-optional message protocol?
gray nstableview à la itunes
limiting the number of objects in nsarraycontroller
nsmutablearray add object as pointer only?
nsbutton default button with blueish look
how do i time a cocoa app?
in cocoa/interface builder, how to clear text in textfield after button click
code in nstimer prevents automatic sleep
integrate nsstepper with nstextfield
cocoa: measure time between keypresses?
why the splash window can’t show before the app lunch?
how to do an http get in cocoa on the iphone
is an nsmutablestring in this case more efficient than nsstring?
cocoa memory editing inspection
what is the most elegant way to encode/decode an object to dictionary
ugly looking text when drawing nsattributedstring in cgcontext
how do i create cocoa interfaces without interface builder?
determine if nsnumber is nan
forcing reading of a text field before dismissing modal dialog in cocoa
another question about iphone application state
best route to creating a calendar based date picker for cocoa?
how do i serialize an object to file using nskeyedarchiver in nspropertylistxmlformat_v1_0 format?
how can i slide a view in and out of a window in a cocoa program.
cocoa api comments guideline
highlight colors in an nstablecolumn on highlight
nspopupbutton, bindings and a shortening lifespan
objective c makes integer from pointer without a cast passing objects as args
cocoa screen capturing?
the mac os tiger and about panel of germany version
how to disable the quit func under the mutildocument environment ?
how to add these object with name to the array by this order?
using cocoa to detect when a running application plays audio
is the nsdocumentdirectory unique for a given application?
storing a passwords in nsstring without being readable in memory
how do you check for sanity in objective-c and cocoa?
using a constant nsstring as the key for nsuserdefaults
what is the best way to implement syntax highlighting of source code in cocoa?
how to remove files and directory in a appointed path?
how to programatically add an object to a bound nsmutablearray?
what's the best way to draw a bunch of (~200) colored rectangles in cocoa?
getting notified when the current application changes in cococa
how to stop an nsinvocationoperation?
how do you flip the coordinate system of an nsview?
focus a nstextfield
can nsalert be used to create a floating window?
change text cursor (caret) colour in cocoa?
what's the accepted way to implement export functionality in a document-based cocoa app?
how can i safely write to a given file path in cocoa, adding a numeric suffix if necessary?
kvo and bindings problems using my own (not the shared) nsuserdefaults object
how would you make a checkbox delete a row in a table if checked (cocoa) ?
what data type do i use for an integer in soap xml in cocoa?
maximum length of [nsxmlnode stringvalue]
how to signal an nsstreameventendencountered on an nsinputstream reading from nsmutabledata.
cocoa: learn currently selected keyboard layout / input language
how do you make a row in a table view go slighly opaque if a checkbox in that row is checked?
core animation... cyclic animations?
testing own os x framework
nsrequest - encode url for nsrequest post body (iphone objectiive-c)
cocoa : how to make a control invisible?
why does the dialog i created in leopard look terrible in tiger?
how hard is it to get a cocoa application to run on windows?
how to export a image to a folder?
what does cgcolorgetcomponents() return?
is there anything like a generic list in cocoa / objective-c?
nslog on mac osx/iphone, usage of the '#' key?
getting rid of the focus rect on an nscell. only shows up when right clicking.
binding nsslider to control the zoom of an ikimagebrowserview
asyncsocket vs nsstream
cocoa development: malloc: free_garbage: garbage ptr = 0x18a15e0, has non-zero refcount = 1 error
load .wav file for openal in cocoa
save documents as folders, like pages, numbers, etc...
getting a cgimageref from ikimagebrowserview
how to generate a dsa signature?
creating a quick look style zooming effect
how do you make the application window open when the dock icon is clicked?
how do you make your app open at login?
disable nstoolbar customisation via window's toolbar button?
how to move the cursor of a qtmovie?
how to get the file size given a path?
how do you get search capability similar to spotlight or itunes?
lsuielement application that starts a window with an application menu?
how to make part of an nsslider stop at tick marks?
how i detect whether or not a file has been renamed using cocoa?
how do you change the look of a check box?
need help to solve window opening problem.
preferences window problem (once open and closed, will not open again)
setting color when drawing into a nsimage
how do you test an asynchronous method?
what should i replace this code with?
flipping quicktime preview & capture
is it possible to use cocoa's bindings to have an editable nstableview hooked up to an nsmutablearray?
how do you make a button link to a website in cocoa?
how do you set a title so that every row in a table has the title already typed in when you add a new row?
how do you make a text label display how many rows there are in the table.
how do i use an nsformatter subclass with an nspopupbutton
how to gain access to all  open windows on desktop using cocoa?
why can't i correctly parse this date string with nsdateformatter?
cocoa -/+ declarations
hide a window in cocoa from awakefromnib
how do you make a menu bar item display how many rows there are in a table?
cocoa control for setting shorcuts
cocoa control for keywords/tags
how should i return an nserror object from a delegate method?
programmatic equivalent of "visible at launch" for nswindows
which method of checking to see if a nsdictionary contains a particular key is faster?
persist and rearrange the order of core data records
send an action cocoa - ibaction
how do you implement the method makekeyandorderfront: ?
why is app window only opening once and then not opening again?
how to do a full text search in cocoa?
my nsdateformatter works only in the iphone simulator
cocoa: what nstextview the insertion point is currently blinking in?
[nsview setframe:] not working?
how to get the token type from a cfstringtokenizer in cocoa?
cocoa notification example
how do you give a text field a default font and some padding?
how do you toggle the status icon in the menubar on and off using a checkbox?
cocoa nsview changing autosizing properties
initialize nsmutablearray: [nsmutablearray array];
[super viewdidload] convention
move focus to newly added record in an nstableview
how would you make a status item's title be an image not text?
adding non-model nodes to an nstreecontroller
how do i get the inner/client size of a nsview subclass?
how do you put a normal control into an nsview?
property declaration for to-many fields in core data
key value observing in cocoa, introspecting the change property
do cocoa nssortdescriptors belong in the model or the controller?
open source card games or books for objective-c/cocoa?
use an object after it has been released?
cocoa autoreleasing in loops
can someone explain these errors to me?
how would you add a group feature like ichat's to your core data app?
populate an nstokenfield with tokens from a container of objects
delegate methods of nstextfield using nsnotification
how do i convert cocoa co-ords from top left == origin to bottom left == origin
how can my app detect a change to another app's window?
using predicates on an array controller to filter related objects
is it possible to create a uitabbarcontroller whose tabbar items have text labels only (no icons)
copy protection (mac apps): most cost effective solution??
cocoa foundation kit question - nsdecimalnumberby...:withbehavior:
updating the image of a nsstatusitem
open string in app per drag'n'drop on icon
how can i make an undecorated window in cocoa?
under what circumstances would [[nsscreen mainscreen] visibleframe] return null?
is there an easy way of sorting a plist (array of dictionaries) by key value?
call another program's functions?
how do i find the pixel position of a character in an nstextview?
read input from a cocoa/foundation tool console?
releasing core framework object references
how do i create a nice -description method that nests recusively like nsarray
create drag-drop graphic when installing os x application from dmg
core animation code structure/conventions
cocoa why do i have to retain and release a function parameter?
what does the "generate validation methods" checkbox in the managed object class generation dialog do?
how to controll the webview in the scrollview with the scrollview's controller?
best way to post nsnotification with nsrect info?
cocoa framework issue
comparing strings in cocoa
get ip address of arriving data package
uiwebview slow loading images--disturbs scrolling to anchors
apple documentation a bit lite?  tips?
how to get the system version?
registration for cocoa shareware
user-friendly approach for network streaming, playing and seeking of audio in mac os x
nsstring to wchar_t*?
override interface builder instantiation of objects?
idiomatic, classy, open-source examples of cocoa interfaces?
is it possible to have a binding that combines more than one key path?
cocoa - prevent caching of javascript in webkit - safari beta 4 bug?
how do i tell nstableview not to resize all other columns when showing/hiding a column?
how to color text in popup menu of nscombobox?
how do i override nserror presentation when bindings is involved?
how to implement browser toolbar in cocoa?
how do you make a outline view re-orderable like a table view?
how did the cocoa framework got its name?
how to do string manipulation in an nsvaluetransformer?
get nsindexset from nsarray
[self release], [self dealloc] or [super dealloc] in init methods?
core animation view intermittently not appearing
opening links but not iframes in webview
nstableview with custom cells
how do you make a button remove a row with core data in an outline view?
logging all cocoa events?
how to display unarchived custom nsview objects
why am i getting these errors in the console when debugging in xcode?
am i using nstimer correctly in iphone view-based app?
why do all the checkbox's in my outline view check when only one is clicked?
easy way to make a uilabel cover and exactly match contents of a uitextfield?
how would you make a checkbox cell only display on a certain entitys rows in an outline view?
what's the best way to add a composite property for binding to an existing class
what is the correct way to tell when an nsarraycontroller is finished loading it's content from a persistent store?
creating a bundle - what's going wrong?
creating object named after the value of an nsstring - is it possible?
nspopupbuttoncell inside custom cell does not pop up when clicked.
best way to start learning cococa in iphone or osx, espeicaly getting the big picture
nsimage to base64
how would you make a text cell in a an outline view show how many children the parent row has?
read only "n" bytes from a file in cocoa
using nsproxy and forwardinvocation:
garbage collection crash using nsimage
does nsstring stringwithcstring: length: retain the byte array i pass in?
how to new a nib file in xcode 3.0?
how would you make a status item show or hide a window when clicked?
how would you make a checkbox in a outline view become checked when all it's children's checkbox's are checked?
nspopupbuttoncell inside custom nscell does not change selection when item is selected from menu
how do i deselect all cells in an nsbrowser
how to open a panel with new folder function by nsopenpanel ?
i want to allocate memory for 700 mb to 800 mb image size
connect to sharepoint trough cocoa
getting the list of running applications ordered by last use
uiwebview in multithread viewcontroller
ns(array|tree)controller architecture for multiple nsviewcontrollers
how would you make a button display a window when clicked?
should "to-many" relationships be modelled as properties?
object communication - passing self to another object / objective-c, cocoa
notification of webview's selection change
how can i set a "hidden" attribute for text inside nsattributedstring?
how do i bind the enabled binding of a button to whether or not an nsarraycontroller has a selection?
update bound dictionary based on nstextfieldcell's edited value
how do i create a lock/unlock button and behavior in my secure preference pane?
using nspredicate to filter an nsarray based on nsdictionary keys
cocoa utility class
profiling objective-c binary image size
how would you make the text in a checkbox cell be able to be edited?
how to get the image of mac system icon in finder?
osx audio hijack style audio recording from other applications (cocoa)
background image for a window in cocoa framework
how to get notifications of nsview ishidden changes?
how would you put an image next to a text cell for only parent rows in an outline view?
cocoa: filling an nsbezierpath with an image
cocoa bindings: custom setter methods?
coccoa application
uinavigationcontroller and autorotation.
cocoa keyboard shortcuts in dialog without an edit menu
how do i localise a default attribute in a core data entity
how do i convert an nsstring into something i can use with fscreatedirectoryunicode?
method signature problem.
how do i create an fsref from a nsstring containing a path?
how do i create an import-only document type in cocoa?
how do i use the return value of a sheet to decide whether or not to close a window?
how to get value from nstextfield(in cocoa)?
cocoa controllers - best practice for notifying on completion, for disposal?
sfauthorizationview authorize: method does not work.
unix domain sockets and cocoa
making a menu item display a window.
how would you give an outline view alternating row colors?
is there a difference between delegate/selector and target/action?
subclassing nsoutlineview
how do i iterate over an nsarray?
remove white backgrounds from images
nsoutlineview not doing what it has should do in it's subclass.
giving the root row of an outline view a different background color.
mac os x: quickest way to kill/quit an entire process tree from within a cocoa application.
sort nsfilemanager results
fullscreen key down actions
how to transform array argu from object_c to javascript?
dead-tree periodicals on mac development?
how to use nsurlrequest with non-static content?
remove newline character from first line of nsstring
cocoa - localized string from nsdate, nscalendardate...
nsarray to c array
why don't i declare nsinteger with a *
how do i include calls to methods only present in one operating system version when compiling for multiple versions?
how can i use nslog in main() but outside of nsapplicationmain?
why co-cocoa pr-programmers st-stutter...
checkbox in tableview
nsoutlineview, nstreecontroller and willdisplaycell
nsscanner - scan next line into string
accesing a nsarray.
renaming keys in nsmutabledictionary
memory leaks - formatting a string to display time, each second
how to programatically get current battery level with cocoa
getting nsarraycontroller item for right click in nscollectionview
core data: strange bindings error on re-opening a document. help?
singleton design
any "fundamentals-oriented" example of nsscroller out there?
nsxmldocumenttidyhtml doesn't tidy some xhtml validation errors.
why does spotlight sometimes not run my query?
how to create an nsstring with one random letter?
removing a binary attribute's data(used in nsimageview) in core data entity
does [nsstepper setminimum/setmaximum] also set the value?
can you write cocoa apps with html/css and javascript?
nsbuttoncell (nsswitchbutton) binded to bool value
cocoa distributed objects, long polling, lunchd and "not responding" in activity monitor
cocoa focus ring color animation
correct structure to check for errors using nserror
mouse events for an nssegmentedcell subclass?
how to make a keyboard shortcut to close dialog with xcode/interface builder?
why are subviews of an nsview not sent a release message when a cocoa application terminates?
core data, nsarraycontainer arraycontent of many arrays
how to use google toolbox for mac for ui unit testing.
drawing once per frame in cocoa
nsnotificationcenter selector won't work with its nsnotification
is there a way to programmatically determine the proper sizes for apple's built-in controls?
how to display indeterminate nsprogressindicator in the nsoutlineview?
a view controller that can be instantiated both programatically and in ib?
enforcing that a class posts a particular nsnotification?
file watcher in cocoa
use nsarraycontroller with nested nsmutablearrays (cocoa bindings question)
file watcher in cocoa
coccoa application
what do these errors in the xcode debugger mean?
nsimage rotation
is it possible to replace the mac login screen?
cocoa: quartz, core graphics, context vs view. oh my!
open source objective-c projects with high quality code?
dynamically loading a part of a window in cocoa
persistent uibarbuttonitem in uitoolbar?
in cocoa, how do i set the ttl on a packet?
how to wait for an animator to finish?
design an nsview subclass in interface builder and then instantiate it?
nsimage vs. ciimage vs. cgimage?
how to display a raw yuv frame in a cocoa opengl program
running process listing
check whether application already running
resources for unit testing cocoa applications
making a checkbox toggle the dock icon on and off.
database results in cocoa
putting an nspopupbutton in an nstoolbar
switch between views in cocoa (not cocoa touch)
why do these errors in xcode mean?
can i make this code work with shortcut recorder?
global object for javascript to interact with safari plug-in
parsing xml in cocoa
tripping over nsvalue, nsnumber & nsdecimalnumber
cocoa app, my problem with -windowshouldclose
enabling save for an nsdocument
hot to select items in nsoutlineview without nstreecontroller?
bottom bar in nswindow
simplifying a complicated cocoa-touch view controller
how to customize nstextfield look (font used, font size) in cocoa ?
interface builder uidatepicker
find installed applications in cocoa
how to play a mp3 file from within the ressources folder of my application ?
nsstring color
reference from uitableviewcell to parent uitableview?
crash reporter for cocoa app
get duration in avaudioplayer?
how to animate scrollpoint?
limit a double to two decimal places
testing errors with ocmock
question about extensiblity of cocoa touch controls
how do you enable javascript in a webview
multiple documents in a single window in cocoa
cocoa: getting the current mouse position on the screen
when porting java code to objc, how to represent checked exceptions?
should frameworks be put in /library/frameworks or in the application bundle when putting multiple applications in one bundle
error: incompatible types in assignment
how do i get the representedobject from a view in an nscollectionviewitem?
how to click a text with underline for showing a web?
why does an nsview's frame: method return the wrong results?
duplicating views
cocoa mail framework
how can i send a html email from cocoa?
address book thread safety and performance
is the file hidden?
cocoa - notification on nsuserdefaults value change?
keydown and cocoa sample
how to create a cggradient for my uiview subclass ?
deploying beta software updates and sparkle
how to implement pay pal in cocoa objective c application.
second frontmost app?
round nsdate to the nearest 5 minutes
filtering data in an nspopupbuttoncell in an nstableview
multiple keys held down in cocoa (os x)
fun function every minute in cocoa
cocoa nsnumberformattercurrencystyle without "$" return zero
how to use @sum with coredata
interface-builder outlets causing odd display behaviour
how do i save state with calayers?
customize finder 'get info' window?
userdefaults in system preference pane installed for multiple users in osx...
can you manually implement cocoa bindings?
how can i retrieve the html to be loaded into a webview (or webframe) from a local persistent store?
in cocoa, what is the best way to change the cursor when hovering over a circular view?
executing simple commands with cocoa and sdef.
how do i index through a cocoa nsarray to draw a shape in quartz composer for every element in the array?
altering the style of an nssearchfield.
core data simple relationship in code
need help with nsmutabledata.
trouble with nsdecimalnumber's decimalnumberbydividingby: withbehavior:
nsstring retain problems
filtering a nsoutlineview/nstreecontroller.
why am i getting this error, when it cannot be true?
callbacks in objc+cocoa
launchd relaunch app on quit
passing a native pointer to performselectoronmainthread's withobject argument?
problem with webkit rendering google.com (and a few other sites)
cocoa: dictionary with enum keys?
adding padding to the 'left' of a text field.
why would nswindow with nstableview not resize?
how to block until certain notification is posted in cocoa?
xcode linking build error
which gui element does ical use for calendar view?
cocoa: any checks required for multiple asynchronous nsurlconnections?
detecting when an nsview is dealloc'ed
well written open source cocoa apps to learn from
trouble with float in objective-c
how to search the file in  the next level of the mac root ?
sethidden not working
deleting a row from an outline view.
nszombies are eating my app's brain!
nsstatusitem to be always left?
how to disable the alter panel caused by nsalter automatic?
encoding special characters
cocoa mini toolbar under table (add, remove)
upload and download data from server with cocoa?
cannot hide controls in nsview
returning an array in cocoa, but waiting for delegation to complete
how to implement very large scrolled view in cocoa
xcode error -  … undelcared …
why shouldn't i use a cursor rect on a rotated nsview subclass?
mouse event is not detected on my nstableview + cocoa
multiple views and source list in a core data app
making the name of the app appear in the menubar (top-left corner) when the app is lsuielement.
best language suited for scanning many files for a keyword (called from a cocoa app)?
nscolorwell subclass not getting mousemoved events
nstableview switch column
how to use nscollectionview and outlets properly?
floatvalue for cgfloat
can i start a thread by pressing a button in a cocoa interface and keep using interface while thread runs
problems with drag and drop in an nsoutlineview.
programmatically activate nsmenuitem
error drawing text on nsimage in pyobjc
how can i refresh core plot without returning from a method?
is there a way to pause an nsthread indefinitely  and have it resumed from another thread?
cocoa app - piracy protection
how to store dates without times in core data
filtering a tree controller.
using toolbar & views on cocoa
audio equivalent of qtmovieview?
is there a "right" way to have nstextfieldcell draw vertically centered text?
create dmg file
when does selectedcell change?
problems with iboutlet getting nil.
find natural block size of the media being used by file handle
debugging a cocoa droplet application in xcode
finding a specific element in an nsarraycontroller
how do i fix the height of my view after collapsing nssplitview?
recalculate attribute on every change of another attribute in core data mo.
using nstask: app freezing after returning output
encoding string arguments for urls
cocoa webview - disable all interaction
handling very large sftp uploads - cocoa
observing self in cocoa
importing pantomime for sending email!
sparkle updater framework
how do i implement a customized list in cocoa?
dynamic results and covering data
webview history
cocoa - communication from child view to parent view
cocoa: laying out dates on a month-view calendar
cocoa interface builder's 'attributes inspector' like window
scroll bars in nstokenfield
core animation window flip effect
iphone subview design (uiview vs uiviewcontroller)
how to add a checkbox in a alert panel?
starting editing on a row as soon as it is added.
infinite loop when running code in terminal from xcode
message reason: image not found
itunes xml parsing in cocoa
can i trust cocoa apis not to fail silently, or do i have to defensively check everything?
easy way to get size of folder (objc/cocoa) ?
find all folders in root directory
how do i comment a core data schema?
cocoa/objective-c: how much optimization should i do myself?
how to create an ipod-esque uislider
nsstring to fsref conversion doesn't work
how to make an nsstring path (file name) safe
ordinal weekday suffix option for nsdateformatter setdateformat
odd problem using addobserver:forkeypath:options:context: in init method
when close the top window ,how to let the focus to the next level window?
getting to the managed objects in nstableview
how do i convert nsstring to nsdata?
alternative to poseasclass in mac os x 10.5 and higher?
why doesn't cocoa like this url?
sigpipe exception
nstableview selection & highlights
problems with the php script to generate the licenses in aquatic prime
change file save location
mac libraries for audio processing/sound file splitting
create a padded, centered, scaled nsimage
ensure a subprocess is dead in cocoa
cocoa - return information from nsoperation
apple photosearch example code - need help.
animating nsdrawer
using nsoperation for threading creates too many objects
run javascript without uiwebview possible?
list of all users and groups
speeding up creation of nsdictionary from xml?
add/remove rows to/from nstableview in objective-c
nsmutableurlrequest question
[cocoa/objc] find parent directory of a path
how do you add context senstive menu to nsoutlineview (ie right click menu)
status bar on bottom of window that looks like interface builder
un-recognized selector sent to instance error.
countdown timer in cocoa
kvc/kvo and bindings: why am i only receiving one change notification?
cocoa string question
cocoa core data - background thread
cocoa - singleton object: where to initialize member variables?
app crashes when updating an highlighted nsmenuitem
nsview leaves artifacts on another nsview when the first is moved across the second
making an nstableview display articles from an rss feed.
how does textmate draw it's own key equivalents in nsmenuitem
how to rotate a calayer-backed nsview subclass
how to change tint color of cocoa's nslevelindicator?
hide buttons from titlebar in cocoa
objective c categories and performance?
why do applescript "tell" commands run a non-gui instance of my gui application in the background?
cocoa document-based app
nsfilehandle readinbackgroundandnotify does not work
what is the cocoa equivalent of updatesystemactivity?
how best to debug a crash within objc_msgsend?
is there a simple way to combine a text and icon in an nscell in cocoa?
current text direction (bidi support) in cocoa?
get current playing song using cocoa
nsscrollview bar not scrolling through nstableview rows
why the observer in nsnotification called twise....    ?
why are there more files/hardlinks with the same inode than the reference count shows?
multiline nstokenfield and the return key
how can i generate convenient date ranges based on a given nsdate?
nsindexpath incrementing values
ip address? - cocoa
cannot pass message (or call a function) using the outlet of a customized class
- (void) processimage:(char *)image;  ---char* causes a memory leak?
does not using interface builder buy me anything?
gui wrapper for perl command line app on osx
kill process after launching with authorizationexecutewithprivileges
how does [uiview beginanimations] work?
cross-user and cross-process shared settings
nswindowcontroller
vpn in cocoa app
no results in spotlight in searches against kmditempath
making an nsbutton in-active.
what kind of category methods do you use to make cocoa programming easier?
load swf inside nsview
modal custom sheet not closing
converting enum into a class hierarchy
os x - app doesn't show up in force quit.  how do i fix that?
what is the @package compiler directive for in cocoa?
taglib.framework for cocoa
calculating columns with core data like sql
give perspective to uiimageview
writing to files in bundle?
list of libraries available on a stock installation of os x?
guess encoding when creating an nsstring from nsdata
how to escape double quotes in string?
error while checking if a file exists
count of chars in nsstring or nsmutablestring?
how can i resize an nstextfield to fit the text that it holds?
how can i load an nsimage representation of the icon for my application?
pyobjc and cocoa on snow leopard
how do i package support files in a cocoa app
contextual munu and action:@selector
is there a way to use bindings with an editable nssecuretextfieldcell in an nstableview?
making the code check to see if the text in a text box matches any of the strings in an nsarray.
how can i force invalidation of a cocoa program without additional custom code?
start up question..
nsbezierpath / line intersection / flatten
suggested resources for learning about blocks in snow leopard
getting the path of a application at runtime + cocoa
cocoa application architecture on mac os x
cocoa document-based applications
garbage collection of core foundation objects
resizing an nspanel to fit a dynamic nsmatrix and a button
how do i update a constraint on my calayer?
cocoa/objective-c: get macbook icon
cocoa app: how distribute beta versions?
capturing all multitouch trackpad input in cocoa
why does the cocoa 64 bit garbage collector not release memory?
string question - cocoa
reading swf header with objective-c
making the children rows in an outline view be deleted when their parent is.
making an nsalert be displayed when the user attempts to delete a row from an nsoutlineview when it has children.
animating rows in an nstableview
rightmousedown: not called in nscontrol subclass
how to join nsarray elements into an nsstring?
core data bindings with subviews and multiple nibs
a view can have a drawer?
updating nstableview in an instance of nscollectionviewitem
address bar in cocoa based web browser
who owns an nswindowcontroller, in standard practice?
cocoa applications examples
iphone 3g network problem
how to have an nsmenu with dynamic actions
what is stored in ~/library/caches/<my-app-bundle>/cache.db ?
working around nsfilehandle nstask blocking when passing large amounts of data
cocoa base 64 implementation for rest auth
cocoa nib files + localization
cocoa + display digital certificates
changing nsapplicationicon across a running application?
carbon development on intel based mac
what are the steps to creating an 'executable bundle'
nsmenu with ibaction method for clicking the menu header?
cocoa + dynamic text labels on nib file
how to add a plugin to safari with cocoa?
nsmatrix and autoresize only certain cells?
different code / config in release & debug build (obj-c)
cocoa + nsoutlineview + reloaditem:reloadchildren:
providing data as needed for qtmovie
creating a checkbox programatically using cocoa
cocoa+ unmount removable storage
cocoa + nsmenu item
how to change style for nodes in nsoutlineview?
pboard types will be deprecated
nspredicateeditor and relationships
using nsfontpanel in cocoa
nstableview troubles
appdelegate or appcontroller
nsdocument architecture pros and cons
what is the reason for nsfilemanager's inconsistent use of nsurl?
setting one side of an nssplitview programmatically
any reason to use nsviewanimation over coreanimation techniques?
file conversion using cocoa
retrieving the selected object in an nsoutlineview.
cocoa bindings/nstextfield/bindings
fetch itunes album artwork without itunes running
how to use native c types with performselectoronmainthread:?
printing an nsimage
which implementation of markdown for a cocoa application?
how to automatically expand all children of an nsoutlineview in cocoa?
lsopenurlspec error
cocoa + what ui element should i use?
how to get started with cocoa application development?
creating cocoa popupmenus programatically and getting code form a gui item built with the interface builder
how to get nsimage of generic folder icon on os x 10.5 and 10.6
cocoa + skip os generated files
cocoa core data self referential interface builder question
how to add a menu into the safari menubar or add a button into it's mainwindow?
open a terminal window to a specified folder from a cocoa app.
correctly handling mouse events with nscontrol and nscell?
creating a nag screen for a cocoa app
testing for writability of bsd socket in cocoa.
change alpha on main window - cocoa
concurrent network client in cocoa
cocoa helper app
unrecognized selector sent to instance with a drawer
exc_bad_access when using nsoutlineview
duplicate records in core data on fetch
storing modified image in iphone.
how to get os x to set initial location of nswindow
how to register new schema in cocoa/objective-c?
making the text in a text cell change color when the rows checkbox has been checked.
using calender store.
nstextview with tokens
nstableview, multiple cells and bindings
nstask returning http headers
retrieving all of an nstreecontroller's objects.
how to change suffix: bundle into webplugin in the folder products with xcode project?
what are the most valuable parts of computer science studies for cocoa developers?
how to debug the main safariplugin project ?
securing xml plists in cocoa / objective c
cocoa check for updates
adding caltasks from an nsarray.
cocoa menu with images
keep a reference to a file after it has moved in objective-c?
what folder should my application write its launchd file?
how do i help prevent my users from initiating a drag accidentally in cocoa?
how to highlight a row in nstableview. very simple question
nspredicate case-insensitive matching on to-many relationship
get rid of newapplication in a dynamic way?
cocoa/ objective-c shell command line execution
comparing two arrays.
how to define the webpluginmimetypesfilename in the plist of a safari webplugin project?
receiving keydown and keyup events in a cocoa status bar app
adding to a tree controller from an nsarray.
what are the ways to convert/encode to aac in cocoa?
nstextfield on top of custom drawing - black outline and cursor not blinking?
setopaque:yes vs clearcolor
making a nspopupbutton display all my ical calandars.
making a method happen every 60 seconds when the app is running.
triggering a method when a row in a table view is edited.
