scala abstract type bounds cross referencing
is scala the next big thing?
explicit type conversion in scala
how to scale a uiimageview proportionally ?
"arrays" in scala
real-world examples of scala applications?
getting the string representation of a type at runtime in scala
is there a way to write a group by query in linqtosql grouping not on a scalar value?
java/scala shutdown hook -noclassdeffounderror
scala combinator parsers - distinguish between number strings and variable strings
scala syntax - pass string to object
building a scala app with maven (that has java source mixed in)
idiomatic scala map manipulation
which is the best ide for scala development?
how do i configure jedit for scala projects?
unit testing scala actors
scala programming for android
how to write a nice low-pass-filter in scala
scala -> use .net (linq) and java (various frameworks) in the same program?
is there a way in scala to convert from any map to java.util.map ?
iterating over java collections in scala
factory methods for implementations of java interfaces wrapped with scala implicits?
ebnf to scala parser combinator
creating a parametric graph type in scala
scala remote actors
unpacking tuple types in scala
how does the "specs" bdd framework for scala work?
type parameters versus member types in scala
what is the default precision and scale for a number in oracle?
do you plan to use the scala programming language and on what project?
generic wildcards in variable declarations in scala
scala covariance / contravariance question
scala turning an iterator[option[t]] into an iterator[t]
scala and interfaces
scala equivalent of new hashset(collection)
scala best way of turning a collection into a map-by-key?
converting java collection into scala collection
scala collection standard practice
scala non-covariant immutable set
scala do i have to convert to a seq when creating a collection from an iterable?
scala api design; a service which returns a set<i> where i is some interface (abstract/trait)
scala map: mysterious syntactic sugar?
what's the scala syntax for a function taking any subtype of ordered[a]?
how do i implicitly convert tuples to vector in scala
what are the key differences between scala and groovy?
enterprise scala
web application development on scala
is there any wicket-like web framwork to use with scala (not lift)?
unit testing scala
why does scala have very little enthusiasm about it?
how is pattern matching in scala implemented at bytecode level?
scala xml serialization
use class variables as constants in scala
scalar subquery in if statement condition in pl/sql
abstract types / type parameters in scala
oracle can i use scalar functions in where clause? or a null issue
mapping over sublists in scala
how can i construct and parse a json string in scala / lift
scala swing event framework - where do i add my reactors?
scala popup menu
what is the best practise design for a scalable web application involving session state
when to use the equals sign in a scala method declaration?
if scala scaled well for twitter, would jruby have done the same?
scala map filterkeys: projection cannot be assigned to a map reference
scala collection.map cannot be added to
code coverage tools for scala
set that match both arrays in scala
does this scala actor block when creating new actor in a handler?
handling properties in scala
scala - modifying nested elements in xml
what's the best scala build system?
logging in scala
scala - replaceallin
gui programming in scala
how to pass a class object from scala to java?
scala actors as single-threaded queues
scala - which characters can i omit
can scala actors process multiple messages simultaneously?
using varargs from scala
scala match decomposition on infix operator
aggregate list values in scala
can scala survive without corporate backing?
how to convert from from java.util.map to a scala map
should my scala actors' properties be marked @volatile?
scala hmac-sha1 signing?
how to set an expected exception using scala and junit 4
functional reactive programming in scala
how is scala "filling in" missing arguments to a case class?
scala iterable#map vs. iterable#flatmap
what is the purpose of scala language?
static inner classes in scala
how can i convert a java iterable to a scala iterable?
construct a java.util.list from a java.util.set in scala
question on scala closure (from "programming in scala")
mixin multiple traits in scala
scala regex enable multiline option
scala - java interop: can scala emit enums in bytecode for java to consume?
is there a scala unit test tool that integrates well with maven?
changing xml namespace with scala
scala constructor overload?
scala as the new java?
scala equivalent of java java.lang.class<t> object
java.lang.nosuchmethoderror: main when starting helloworld with eclipse scala plugin
can scala allow free type parameters in arguments (are scala type parameters first class citizens?)?
scala - can yield be used multiple times with a for loop?
use scala to unit test java?
using scala actor framework as fork-join computation?
mapping over multiple seq in scala
is there an efficiency penalty when using scala inner functions within non-tail recursive functions?
best scala imitation of groovy's safe-dereference operator (?.)?
chained comparisons in scala
what is the scala equivalent of java's classname.class?
how do you call scala objects from java?
why can't scala infer the type parameter in this example?
scala factorial on large numbers sometimes crashes and sometimes doesn't
using either to process failures in scala code
idiomatic table cell renderers in scala
avoiding scala memory leaks - scala constructors
qgraphicsview and qgraphicsitem: don´t scale item when scaling the view rect
case class to map in scala
scala traits usage
scala dot syntax (or lack thereof)
what are the biggest differences between scala 2.8 and scala 2.7?
scala / lift example of form processing
scala actors: receive vs react
how to use java collections.shuffle() on a scala array?
programmatically setting repeated parameters in scala
does scala anyref.clone perform a shallow or deep copy?
what is the easiest way to deeply clone (copy) a mutable scala object?
how should i organize implicits in my scala application?
scala immutable sortedset are not "stable" on deletion
elements of scala style?
scala closures on wikipedia
scala equivalent to haskell's where-clauses?
how to get scala plugin and ajdt to be installed in same eclipse
create a padded, centered, scaled nsimage
infix operators in scala and jython
how to instantiate an instance of type represented by type parameter in scala
writing applications with scala actors in practice
writing applications with scala actors in practice ii
is there a scala version of python's mechanize?
thread.join not behaving as i expected in scala
scala vs. groovy vs. clojure
how to reduce scala (/ java) startup overhead?
scala doesn't have enums - what to use instead of an enum
alternatives to multimethods in scala or jython
table cell renderer using nimbus and scala
common programming mistakes for scala developers to avoid
avoiding implicit def ambiguity in scala
scala bigdecimal division
scala profiler?
what is the benefit from scala ?
scala parser issues
is it possible for scala to have reified generics without changing the jvm?
why is clojure much faster than scala on a recursive add function?
wanted: good examples for scala database persistence
executing a simple task on another thread in scala
call scala code from java?
scala enumeration and readresolve
scala list recursion performance
method call inside actor freezes in scala
scala overriding a def with a var
parse error of nested tuples in scala
scala implicit usage choices
scala remote actor security
structural type dispatch in scala
how can scala receive multiple parameters in a method definition?
what is scala blogs that you regularly follow?
how to copy a list in scala
scala inconsistant type signatures: range.tolist and range.toarray
how to curry a function in scala
get function value of a instance method in scala
question on scala compiler syntax hacking
can't understand type errors in scala
how to extend java interface containing generic methods in scala
find all nodes that have an attribute that matches a certain value with scala
why do scala implicitly convert char to int?
scala and tomcat -> noclassdeffound stringbuilder?
how many scala web-frameworks are there?
why in spoj we can't code in scala programming language?
scala in java code : $colon
hibernate and scala
using scala as a scripting language from eclipse
partitioning an iterator in scala 2.7.5
please suggest direction for my small scala project
error-tolerant xml parsing in scala
overriding equals and hashcode methods for a javabeans implenented in scala
what are scala continuations and why use them?
what is the current state of the scala eclipse plugin?
scala extra parentheses printout
java <-> scala interop: transparent list and map conversion
scala case classes questions
when is scala 2.8.0 going to be released?
"dangling" local blocks in scala
when are threads created for scala actors
netbeans scala plugin - no documentation
can i run junit 4 to test scala code from the command line?
simple type inference in scala
conditional loop conversion in scala
how to control tcp_nodelay setting for scala remote actor ?
scala unexpectedly not being able to ascertain type for expanded function
scala can't multiply java doubles?
scala actors - worst practices?
scala actors and persistence context
scala anonymous function syntax
syntactic sugar for compile-time object creation in scala
easiest way to do idle processing in a scala actor?
scala and swing gui applications
scala build tool and test framework that play nice together?
how to start external application from scala
scala 2d animation library
are there code examples comparing scala and javafx script?
how to access parent element in scala xml
is there a "self" type in scala thet represents the current type?
hibernate unable to start on large-scale database
initializing generic variables in scala
idiomatic io with scala
break or shortcircuit a fold in scala
limiting recursion depth in scala
scala xml \\ copies xmlns attribute. why and how can i stop it?
performing operations on (specifically how to add a list of) long in scala
scala implicit convertions: 2 way to invoke
singleton scala actor?
how to print a map in scala
symbols or case classes for sending messages to scala actors?
scala errors in eclipse 3.5 using scala 2.8.0b, "syntax error on token string"
scala mailbox size limit
java.nio.bufferunderflowexception when processing files in scala
scala 2.8 control exception - what is the point?
proper way to access shared resource in scala actors
better syntax for scala anonymous function?
shortcut for subclassing in scala without repeating constructor arguments?
does scala have an equivelant to c# yield?
pass variable number of arguments in scala (2.8) case class to parent constructor
issues with maps and their entries in scala
unimporting in scala
selection sort in functional scala
does scala support tail recursion optimization?
why are my scala types not matching?
is there a safe way in scala to transpose a list of unequal-length lists?
what is scala -i command-line option supposed to do ?
scala regex multiple block capturing
fold list of tuples in scala with destructuring
scala and tail recursion
why does scala create a ~/tmp directory when i run a script?
scala 2.8 breakout
is there a comparison between scala and google 'go' language (feature by feature)?
+=/*=/etc operators on anyval types (int,double,etc...) in scala
scala 2.8 canbuildfrom
scala 2.8 collections design tutorial
scala override methods in child object of class
is the scala 2.8 collections library the "longest suicide note in history" ?
scala and html: download an image (*.jpg, ect)  to hard drive
implicit conversion from string to int in scala 2.8
private and protected constructor in scala
how to efficiently processing 300+ files concurrently in scala
to use or not to use scala for new java projects ?
implementing a string class that does case insensitive comparisions in scala
scala specs don't exit when testing actors
is there a problem-free way to run scala unit tests in eclipse integrated nicely?
concurrent map/foreach in scala
how can i get xstream to output scala lists nicely? can i write a custom converter?
scala difference between object and class
how to resolve java.nio.charset.unmappablecharacterexception in scala 2.8.0?
approaching text parsing in scala
why doesn't scala source close the underlying inputstream?
scala ast in scala
using java lib with scala reserved words
garbage collecting scala actors
is there a scala identity function?
scala parser token delimter problem
parsing recursive structures in scala
how to write "asinstanceofoption" in scala
pattern matching on a series of values in scala
a list of scala "global" functions?
do i have to create a new object to mix in a scala trait?
scala case class matching compile error with aliased inner types?
thread monitoring for scala actors
accessing scala parser regular expression match data
extend scala class that extends ordered
remove characters from the end of a string scala
scala treemap strangeness; implementing a reverse-order iterator
enums in scala with multiple constructor parameters
scala reflection: getdeclaringtrait ?
match multiple cases classes in scala
getting the correct scala actor sender reference when sending from an different class
can first-class functions in scala be a concern for allocating a large permgen space in jvm?
scala default values behavior
what is the best book for learning scala for an experienced programmer?
how do you uninstall the scala eclipse plugin?
static testing for scala
scala concurrency slowing down
scala 2.8 and lift status
how to do fast prefix string matching in scala
possible to make a  producer/consumer obj in scala using actors 'threadless' (no receive...)?
can i use a block when defining a scala anonymous function?
scala compiler error passing null?
a list of things from java that we will now happily bid good-bye after scala
what replaces class variables in scala ?
scala compiler error due to constructor parameter (property) having same name in both base and derived class and used in derived method
can a scala program be compiled to run on any jvm, without having scala installed on the given machine?
scala compilation problem - with java libs
scala on the clr
case classes vs enumerations in scala
is there a scala command-line debugger?
compile scala classes with debug info through maven
getting object instance by string name in scala
filtermap scala
understanding why "pimp my library" was defined that way in scala
least squares optimal scaling
scala case classes in collections
are there any methods included in scala to convert tuples to lists?
using scala actors to create sth like a pipeline
scala bug in concurrent program?
scala "error: io error while decoding" "with utf-8"
is is possible to capture the type parameter of a trait using manifests in scala 2.7.7?
how do i form the union of scala sortedmaps?
how to add a method to a scala enumeration object?
printing unicode from scala interpreter
does scala run on gwt?
can i get ast from live scala code ?
string representation of objects as in scala repl
compile scala 2.8.x code with apache buildr
declaring multiple variables in scala
applying a function to a tuple in scala
what is the difference between scala self-types and trait subclasses?
scala traits vs abstract classes
question on scala abstract type
monad trait in scala
substantial android development in scala
what is the motivation for scala assignment evaluating to unit rather than the value assigned?
scala raw strings: extra tabs at the start of each line
how to create a decent tostring() method in scala using reflection?
logging in scala
how do i handle unicode user input in scala safely (esp xml entities)
scala semantics of equals/hashcode for case classes with traits
generating javadoc for project involving scala modules
scala and lift and sessionvar that loses it contents
deploying simple scala app(non-webapp) managed with maven
recursive xml in scala
derived scala case class with same member variables as base
circular type parameters definition in scala
is there any scala feature that allows you to call a method whose name is stored in a string?
matching case sub-classes on super type in scala
scala actors: long running io operations
scala regexps: how to return matches as array or list
mixig abstract type parameters and abstract types in scala
how to play with specs matchers in scala repl?
a light weight scala fork join syntax
scala abstract method param question, list of t
use-cases for streams in scala
does scala have a library method to wrap nullable return values in an option?
scala equivalent to c#'s expression api
where case classes should not be used in scala ?
implement a method using a function value in scala
which is the best scala ide?
how to use the scala dispatch library to send a post request to the server in the lift ?
why does a selectionkey registered to a datagramchannel return a selectablechannel in scala but not java?
scala equivalent to python generators?
scala import java package appending com
how to tackle scala source incompatibilities in 2.8.0?
how is compare different from compareto in this scala code?
is there any scala built-in class for capturing an external process's output?
spurious ambiguous reference error in scala 2.7.7 compiler/interpreter?
how to script scala directly in jsp pages?
drop into interpreter during arbitrary scala code location
implementing a java interface in scala
java sortedmap to scala treemap
scala objects not changing their internal state
scala foreach strange behaviour
finding elements in a scala list and also know which predicate has been satisfied
strange gc behaviour of scala actors application
substitute values in a string with placeholders in scala
concurrent processing in scala
many-value map in scala
qt4: scale invariant qgraphicsitem outlines
strange behavior: scala actors 2.7.7 vs. 2.8-snapshot
scala xml building: adding children to existing nodes
implementing yield (yield return) using scala continuations
reflection api for scala
scala catalog of functional design pattern
scala programmer - "should there be one obvious way to do it" or "more than one way to do it"?
scala project does not automatically build in eclipse
scala xsd library
scala equivalent of ruby's map.each?
scala collection type for filter
what’s the difference between scalatest and scala specs unit test frameworks?
non deprecated way of appending an element to a list in scala 2.7.5?
what is scala way of finding whether all the elements of an array has same length?
reflection on a scala case class
managing flexible, typed, immutable data structures in scala in 2.8.x
convert scala set into java (java.util.set)?
scala way to define functions accepting a list of different numeric types
handling error on insert playframework 2.0 scala
generating scala code trees from a scala compiler plugin
automatic casting in scala
java/scala (deep) collections interoperability
extending a scala collection
how to use scala internals to compile source faster than fsc (fast scala compiler)
security of scala runtime
how scalable is the lift framework's comet/reverse ajax?
hibernate criteria api and scalar subqueries
does scala has gaurds?
how to: debug scala code when outside of an ide
define self referencing scala class(recrusive class)
scala programming question
scala actors suspends unexpected when connecting to a database
scala actors: different behavior on jre 1.5 and 1.6
how to get an java.lang.class of a scala object for an annotation argument
how to store child objects on gae using jdo from scala
how can i add scala actors to an existing program without interfering with the normal termination behavior?
a generic quicksort in scala
looking for examples of how to use "@_*" when doing pattern matching in scala
scala 2.8 actor
scala 2.8 - potential problem with named arguments
transforming scala varargs into java object... varargs
how scala generic constraints to nullable types work
elegant way to reverse a map in scala
use 'map' and stuff on scala tuples?
equality relations in scala
step-by-step explanation of scala syntax used in wikipedia quick sort example
problems with scala swing library
what is scala equivalent of java's static block ?
can i use a scala class which implements a java interface from java?
questions about scala from a rubyist
scala @ operator
scala enumeration values not ordered?
combining javafx and scala - is it possible?
'deadlock' in scala
how well does java and scala work together?
multiple assignment of non-tuples in scala
array in scala 2.8 (beta)
how does scala xml support work?
streaming video in scala designer 5
slow scala assert
project euler 7 scala problem
generic object load function for scala
how do i alias the scala setter method 'myvar_$eq(myval)' to something more pleasing when in java?
scala isn't allowing me to execute a batch file whose path contains spaces.same java code does.what gives?
scala 2.8 implict java collections conversions
scala println in a for loop
graph library for scala
scala version of rubys' each_slice?
launch scala repl programatically?
scala and the java memory model
dependency between operations in scala actors
scala slider throws casting exception
best scala idiom for find & return
is there an easy way to get the scala repl to reload a class or package?
how do i create an xml root node in scala without a literal element name?
how well does scala perform comapred to java?
automated java to scala source code conversion?
another java vs. scala perspective - is this typical?
a question about scala objects
self-modify the classpath within a scala script?
scala type inference failure on "? extends" in java code
repeating a list in scala
scala event swing :: chicken or egg
scala 2.8 actors
force repaint after button click <- scala
create and populate two-dimensional array in scala
accessing type members outside the class in scala
what is the proper way to remove elements from a scala mutable map using a predicate
scala for yield setting a value
overriding scala enumeration value
nosuchmethod exception when using scala regex class... confused...
the scala way to use one actor per socket connection
scala  generic function values ( anonymous function ) - missing parameter type ( error )
difference between method and function in scala
groovy / scala / java under the hood
how to make a scala applet whose applet class is a singleton?
scala xml: create a node not using literals
would it make sense to have a separate scala library in android market?
how do i implement a collection in scala 2.8?
noclassdeffound error using scala plugin for eclipse
equivalent of public static final fields in scala
scala actors with java interop to underlying com libraries
scala libraries and frameworks
how can i define an anonymous generic scala function?
scala and java real-time system
how are scala traits compiled into java bytecode?
how do i "get" a scala case object from java?
why does one of these statements compile in scala but not the other?
simple scala actor question
remove duplicates in entries, scala way
why scala is very complex
common practice for higher-order-polymorphism in scala
scala for junior programmers?
scala passing type parameters to object
variadic templates in scala
in scala 2.8 collections, why was the traversable type added above iterable?
scala type system : basic type mismatch
scala xml pattern matching and attributes
scala contiguous match
scala array initialization
generating scala ast for recursive method.
which ide for scala 2.8?
scala downwards or decreasing for loop?
why does scala immutable hashmap methods return a map?
scala type failure in 2.7: is there a workaround?
scala compiler says unreachable code, why?
scala giving me "illegal start of definition"
lexing newlines in scala stdlexical?
i'm having an issue with a scala script using 2.7.7 - main$$anon$1$$anonfun$1$$anonfun$apply$2
is there an equivalent in scala to python's more general map function?
bad class file error when using scala 2.8.0-rc1 in javafx 1.2
scala wont pattern match with java.lang.string and case class
how can i take any function as input for my scala wrapper method?
is classof[] in scala 2.8 different from 2.7?
scala traits and implicit conversion confusion
is there an easy (idiomatic) way to convert a java.lang.reflect.method to a scala function value?
can i create a collection in scala that uses different equals/hashcode/compare implementations?
any way to access the type of a scala option declaration at runtime using reflection?
parsing of binary data with scala
more issues with intellij 9.0.1 "hello world" in scala - predef version 5.0 vs 4.1
how are scala closures transformed to java objects?
what are the exact versions of stuff you have to install in order to be able to step-debug a scala program?
simple scala syntax - trying to define "==" operator - what am i missing?
what compromises scala made to run on jvm?
scala puts precedence on implicit conversion over "natural" operations... why? is this a bug? or am i doing something wrong?
how do i enable continuations on scala 2.8?
scala 2.8 treemap and custom ordering
how can i use the scala program schema2src?
how to write two-dimensional array to xml in scala 2.8.0
lazy quicksort in scala
zeroc ice "checked casts" in scala
scala and httpclient: how do i resolve this error?
using sub-types and return types in scala to process a generic object into a specific one
scala array constructor?
good scala slides and snippets?
calling multiple functions with same instance in scala
how to define a ternary operator in scala which preserves leading tokens?
why is this scala example of implicit paremeter not working?
what's the new way to iterate over a java map in scala 2.8.0?
does the @inline annotation in scala really help performance?
difference between array and list in scala
improving mvp in scala
why scala not allowing '$' identifier in case statement?
best method to peek into a scala actor's mailbox
cross product of 2 sets in scala
using scala structural types with abstract types
catch all exceptions in scala 2.8 rc1
why does this explicit call of a scala method allow it to be implicitly resolved?
scala : reference is ambiguous (imported twice)
scala 2.8 return type for tuple-functions
scala implicit or explicit conversion from iterator to iterable
is there any scala network library with actor model
interesting scala typing solution, doesn't work in 2.7.7?
initialise a var in scala
what is/are the scala way(s) to implement this java "byte[] to hex" class
a scala remote actor exception
targeting android with scala 2.8 trunk builds
scala methods ending in _=
ensime scala errors (class scala.array not found, object scala not found)
scala syntax highlighting in bluefish
scala match/compare enumerations
scala tuple deconstruction
scala eclipse ide suddenly ignoring breakpoints
is there a pattern in scala that add a method to an array object?
static nested class visibility issue with scala / java interop
is scala functional programming slower than traditional coding?
internal scala compilation. working with interactive.global
scala xml retrieving from optional paths
