best subversion clients for windows vista (64bit)
.net xml comment into api documentation
what should a longtime windows user know when starting to use linux?
how to tab between buttons on an osx dialog box
progressive enhancement
what is the best way to deploy a vb.net application?
how do i configure a vista ultimate (64bit) account so it can access a smb share on osx?
version control php web project
database version control
how to add cvs directories recursively
how can i fix the background of wikipedia pages as displayed in google chrome?
how to specify javascript to run when modalpopupextender is shown
common types of subversion hooks
vs 2008 - objects disappearing?
very slow merge with subversion 1.5
user authentication on resin webserver
how do i find the high water mark (for sessions) on oracle 9i
url redirection for ssl virtual hosts
how do you redirect https to http
shelve in tortoisesvn?
accessing isight programatically?
windows mobile device emulator - how to save config permanently?
using parameters in ms reporting services (sql 2008) against an odbc data source
where is tfs work item help text displayed?
expression.invoke in entity framework?
maskededitextender
attaching visualsvn server to an existing repository
in cocoa do i need to remove an object from receiving kvo notifications when deallocating it?
managed source control hosting and continuous integration with cvsdude and cruisecontrol.net
do you use version control other than for source code?
is it possible to disable command input in the toolbar search box?
best way to deploy subversion in a multisite windows environment
subversion management tools
ssrs - uninstall trial version of vs business intelligence
migrating to git
can i configure visualstudio 2008 to always build the startup project?
webserver log analysis
how do you configure vs2008 to only open one webserver in a solution with multiple projects?
.net solution subversion best practices?
ankhsvn cannot connect due to proxy
how do i create a self signed ssl certificate to use while testing a web app.
are there any tools to convert markdown documents to html en masse?
how to install a plugin for qtwebkit
are there reasons not to use jsonp for aja~x requests?
what content management does your workplace use?
mod_rewrite rule to redirect all requests except for one specific path
why doesn't 'shell' work in vbscript in vs6?
how to stop ntfs volume auto-mounting on os x
mocking and iqueriable<t>
intellisenss for xelements object with xml schema
transactional design pattern
getting error in manage categories - not found for attribute "navigation_column"
resources for an oracle beginner
best way to license microsoft software as a very small developer
tips for running subversion in a windows world
height of nstextview with one line?
develop on local oracle instance
bash one liner: copy template_*.txt to foo_*.txt?
getting qmake to generate a proper .app
asp.net javascript callbacks without full postbacks?
how to get rid of vsmacros80 folder from project root?
why do my exception stack traces always point to the last method line?
getting ssh to execute a command in the background on target machine
what is the more efficient version control methodology - checkout or merge (ie perforce vs subversion)
apache webservers
any disadvantages of accessing subversion repositories through file:/// for a solo developer?
is there a way to do "intraword" text navigation in vs?
how to remove "vsdebuggercausalitydata" data from soap message?
building a vs2010 project consumes extra resources
nsenumerator performance vs for loop in cocoa
what is the best way to backup subversion repositories?
best way to export a qtmovie with a fade-in and fade-out in the audio
when to commit changes?
integrating a custom gui framework with the vs designer
subversion: fail update when there are conflicts?
change templates in xcode
what code snippet editor do you use?
subversion ignoring "--password" and "--username" options
retrieving http status code from loaded iframe with javascript
do you continue development in a branch or in the trunk?
how do i autorun an application in a terminal in ubuntu?
what are the alternatives to using phpmyadmin?
table stats gathering for oracle
intergrating perl and oracle aq
oracle server performance monitoring tools
designing panels without a parent form in vs?
what's a good way to write a cocoa front-end to an erlang application?
is it possible to convert projects wizard created for msvs 2005 to msvs 2008 format autom
best way to handle lobs in oracle dblink'ed tables
error code reference for osx/cocoa
combining structures
is it possible to run osx in a virtual machine?
how to run gpg from a script run by cron?
how are tags made in subversion?
getting apache to modify modify static webpages on the fly
how to get an array of distinct property values from in memory lists?
should you register new extensions with apple?
microsoft t-sql to oracle pl/sql translation
simulated olap
how to use p4merge as the merge/diff tool for mercurial?
worth switching to zsh for casual use?
kerberos user authentication in apache
ms access reporting - can it be pretty?
oracle equivalent to mssql datediff
pls-00306 error on call to cursor
how sid is different from service name in oracle tnsnames.ora
which oracle version supports cube and rollup?
how do i simultaneously work on version 1.1 and version 2.0?
eclipse "share project" by hand?
how to find the current name of the test being executing?
how do you make an etag that matches apache?
how do i force unix (lf) line endings in visual stuido (express) 2008?
is it possible to forward ssh requests that come in over a certain port to another machine?
apache mod_proxy error os10060 and returning 503?
opening a non-standard url in a cocoa app
tools for matching name/address data
how would you migrate hundreds of ms access databases to a central service?
how to get the most of out laptop batteries
is there any good oracle podcasts
sql compare-like tool for oracle?
what is the shortcut key for run to cursor
choosing a desktop database
boolean expressions in shell scripts
fundeps and gadts: when is type checking decidable?
querying collections of value type in the criteria api in hibernate
problem with oracle application server ssl certificates
what's the state of play with "visual inheritance"
apache rewrite based on subdomain
reverse engineer (oracle) schema to erd
using a wiki as a central development project repository
best tools for code reviews
better merge tool for subversion
what is the simplest way to write web apps in haskell?
modifying a spreadsheet using a vb macro
can a stp template be hidden from subsite creation page?
how would you set up an subversion repository for in house software projects
access to restricted uri denied" code: "1012
how do you treat legacy code (and data)?
mail message link handling
continuous integration
what is the best subversion client for linux?
tablet pc sdk (1.7) merge module + vs2008 + windows vista?
mirroring perforce with svk?
how do you keep the machine awake?
best way to draw text with opengl and cocoa?
getting hibernate to log clob parameters
any tools to get code churn metrics for a subversion repository?
unfiltering nspasteboard
how can i kill all sessions connecting to my oracle database?
sending messages to objects while debugging objective-c in gdb, without symbols.
recovering from a slightly out of date subversion repository backup
double quotes in oracle column aliases
cocoa won't capture shift modifier?
sample code for using macbook camera in a program?
perforce blame
opensourcing a starter web application
sql/oracle: when indexes on multiple columns can be used
macbook vs macbook pro for .net development and other stuff
compiling code on an external drive
ssis oracle parameter mapping
retrieving the associated shared service provider's name?
maxelementsondisk from ehcache to treecache
wrap an oracle schema update in a transaction
best way to migrate from vss to subversion?
write text to a qtextedit box from a c function
why won't my local apache open html pages?
changing the font in aquamacs?
sum of items in a collection
howto import an oracle dump in an different tablespace
how do i use a pipe in the exec parameter for a find command?
how do i move tags in subversion
how to prevent ie6 from refetching already-fetched images added via dom manipulation
accessing a bean with a dot(.) in its id
nsmatrix in scrollview; origin settings are locked. why?
using apache mod_rewrite to remove sub-directories from url
disk activity in applescript
why is my cocoa program getting exc_bad_access during startup?
exposition on arrows
setting movie metadata with qtkit
is it safe to manipulate objects that i created outside my thread if i don't explicitly access them on the thread which created them?
why isn't there a team foundation server express edition?
good ways to learn cocoa?
what are my ide/editor choices for haskell?
dynamically hiding columns in a nstableview
errors creating webpart subclass in another assembly
in applescript, how can i get to the help menu search field, like spotlight?
stringstream manipulators & vstudio 2003
remove vsmacros80 directory
what are your most important console aliases?
how to create project specific respository post-commit actions
stored procedures in ms-sql server 2005 and oracle
delete all but the 4 newest directories
ora-00933: sql command not properly ended
getting asn.1 issuer strings from pem files?
[vs] how do i add debug breakpoints to lines displayed in a "find results" window
what is the dual table in oracle?
what is the difference between explicit and inplicit cursors in oracle?
is it possible to use analyic functions in hibernate?
tfs annotate/blame summary report for a project
visualsvn wants a username and password
how to make clipboard ring appear in vs2008 toolbox?
how do i compile mod_dontdothat on windows
how can i create a command line (unix/linux) instruction that uses variables to execute numerous commands?
partial commits with subversion
x86 remote debugger service on x64
esc and enter keys in cocoa dialog
executing different set of msbuild tasks for each user?
any good powershell msbuild tasks?
is it stupid to write a large batch processing program entirely in pl/sql?
how do i enable platform builder mode in vs2008
how do you know what a good index is?
what's the best way to export bug tracking data from hosted hp quality center?
mspdbsrv.exe living forever?
lighttpd and webdav for serving a subversion repo
how can i block mp3 crawlers from my website under apache?
.htaccess mod rewrite 301-redirect
can you use microsoft entity framework with oracle?
how do i reference a diagram in a dsl t4 template?
ora-03113: end-of-file on communication channel after long inactivity in asp.net app
how do i find the definition of a system-named constraint in oracle?
how do i change the ip address on oracle 10g
resharper sluggishness
how can i avoid ta warning fom an unused parameter in plsq?
how to accept ref cursor in java without importing oracle package
oracle ordimage processing in pl/sql: getting img-00710 and ora-01031
how do i enable more than 8-bit colors in terminal.app?
dropping a connected user from an oracle 10g database schema
creating a workflow task generates an "invalid field name" error
oracle connection problem on mac osx: "status : failure -test failed: io exception: the network adapter could not establish the connection"
resharper and viemu keybindings  ( and visual assist )
what is your preferred method for moving directory structures around in subversion?
control which columns become primary keys with microsoft access odbc link to oracle
beginner question about xcode 3.1.1 and static libraries
make apache automatically strip off the www.?
can regex capture and substitution be used with an apache directorymatch directive?
cpan/gem-like repository for objective-c and cocoa?
apache gives me 403 access forbidden when documentroot points to two different drives
how to create or replace a procedure in oracle from jbdc?
how do you connect to a mysql database using oracle sql developer?
exit shell script based on process exit code
advantages of vs 2008 over vs 2005
can i serve a clickonce application with apache?
osx security framework nameandpassword sample application
inconsistent display behavior for quick launch menu in moss 2007
why does statsvn fail, claiming the directory is not a working copy?
what is your favorite resharper/visual studio shortcut?
how can you generate a makefile from an xcode project?
subversion error: "working copy [directory] not locked"
how to determine the schemas inside an oracle data pump export file.
what is the best way to encrypt a clob?
how to put up an off-the-shelf https to http gateway?
automated apache server maintenance page
what is the optimal vstf source structure? are there any best practices?
restrict apache to only allow access using ssl for some directories
combo box item comparison and compiler warnings
how do i change the colors displayed in cygwin rxvt?
how do i fix this subversion mkcol error?
how important do you think progressive enhancement is?
spawning an interactive telnet session from a shell script
how do i go about using microsoft access (2003/2007) to interface with an oracle (10g) db to produce reports?
moss 2007 crawl
programmatically exclude page items in olap pivot
is oracle rdbms more stable, secure, robust, etc. than mysql rdbms?
which would you rather use: visualsvn or ankhsvn?
including eval / bind values in onclientclick code
subversion branch reintegration
explain plan cost vs execution time
where to start with source-control
oracle natural joins and count(1)
reportviewer displaying black background in print layout mode
apache module form handling in c
direct path load of timestamp data with sql*ldr
need a mod_rewrite thingy
compartment items not displayed in dsl diagram
xampp and wamp in the lamp, whats the best ?
best practictes for configuring apache / tomcat
perl join-like behavior in oracle?
is it safe to use the administrator tasks in central administration?
is quicksilver dead?
moss 2007: bdc permisson problem - no bdc application is listed in the web part's configuration menu
apache and iis side by side (both listening on port 80) on windows2003
what is the reasoning behind the recommended layout for subversion repositories?
how to access the current subversion build number?
how do you integrate a tdd approach with visualstudio?
best way to remove from nsmutablearray while iterating?
how can i dynamically create a selector at runtime with objective-c?
accessing url parameters in oracle forms / oc4j
how do i read/write as the authenticated user with webdav?
is there a way to install gcc in osx without installing xcode?
how to pass an array parameter in toad
how can i trigger core animation on an animator proxy during a call to resizesubviewswitholdsize?
how to disable a programmatical breakpoint / assert?
duplicate oracle des encrypting in java
asp.net framework effects of moving from 2.0 to 3.5?
manually inserting data in a table(s) with primary key populated with sequence
joining other tables in oracle tree queries
apache mod_rewrite one rule for any number of possibilities
how can i publish a subversion repository to a local iis?
set up apache for local development/testing?
what are some decent ways to prevent users from creating meeting workspaces?
how to count rows in lift (scala's web framework)
what should i do with the vendor directory with respect to subversion?
ssl_error_rx_record_too_long and apache ssl
source code control policy
subversion berkeley db broken, recovery failed.
how to export fonts and colors from vs2008 to vs2005?
optimising a select query that runs slow on oracle which runs quickly on sql server
expose vsto functionality to vba w/o local admin
case-insensitive search using hibernate
will subclipse 1.4.4 work with subversion 1.3.2
how to check if a trigger is invalid?
does spsecurity.runwithelevatedprivileges do anything in a console app?
inner join vs where
how do i write this in ruby/python? or, can you translate my linq to ruby/python?
apache mod-rewrite primers?
system.data.oracleclient: how can i mock/fake/stub oracleexception?
vs2005 "add new item..." dialog - default item
wss 3.0: change parent type for a content type.
explain plan for query in a stored procedure
how do i display the full content of lob column in oracle sql*plus?
capture console output for debugging in vs?
msexcel 2002 calling web services.
using pl/sql how do you i get a file's contents in to a blob?
do you use the branches/tags/trunk convention?
have you integrated mantis and subversion?
learning how to use subversion
any quirks i should be aware of in drupal's xml-rpc and blogapi implementations?
subversion cherry picking
oracle coherence: is it stable?
oracle datadiff
how to avoid storing credentials to connect to oracle with jdbc?
gss_acquire_cred returning key table entry not found error
where can you find the c# language specifications?
make osx application respond to first mouse click when not focused
embedding non-edit widgets in a datagridview
how to define persistent variable in sql*plus
is there any way to have the jboss connection pool reconnect to oracle when connections go bad?
how to use system environment variables in vs 2008 post-build events?
setprimitivevalue:forkey: and to-many relationships
can i specify redirects and pipes in variables?
disable and later enable all table indexes in oracle
how to avoid storing passwords in the clear for tomcat's server.xml resource definition of a datasource?
cannot access http://<tfs-server>:8080
cross-model relationships in nsmanagedobjectmodel from merged models?
webpart feature not adding description
how does aop work in drupal?
mfc "warning: skipping non-radio button in group."
oracle load spikes couple hours after startup.
how to use "macros" in visualstudio 2008 build events?
how do you determine daylight savings time in vba?
using applescript to hide keynote text fields in a slide
are their naming conventions for asp.net web application directory structures?
deployment of custom content type, forms, cqwp, and xsl.
which language should i pick up: vb.net or c#
how do i set a task to run every so often?
running subversion under apache
secure only login.aspx for a site
how can i repair "upgraded" subversion working directories?
how do i interpret error codes from frontpage extensions?
compressing http request with lwp, apache, and mod_deflate
disabling interstitial graphic when using cfdiv binding
is there a way to add a subversion section to the right click menu for textmate ?
finding apache build options
how to make xmlhttprequest  work over https on firefox?
easiest and quickest way of web enabling old vba apps
debugging with oracle's utl_smtp
subversive connectors not working with newest ganymede update
multiple domains for one site: alias or redirect?
msbuild directory structure limit workarounds
how to access subversion from oracle pl/sql ?
how do you make a generic memoize function in haskell?
integrating external sources in a build
do you have to restart apache to make re-write rules in the .htaccess take effect?
what do 'delimiter' and 'inheritsfromparent' tags mean in .vsprops files?
oracle on port 8080
f# vs haskell, which is better for general purpose programming?
using functional programming in the real world
how to synchronize two subversion repositories?
what is the fastest way to insert data into an oracle table?
ora-01031: insufficient privileges when creating package
user privileges
multiple repositories, single setup
what are the various "build action" settings in vs.net project properties and what do they do?
gdbinit conflict with xcode debugging
why always return null when call the method iqueryable.firstordefault()?
top & httpd - demystifying what is actually running
how to diagnosis osx app crash from error log?
how to use sqlab xpert tuning to tune sql for better performance?
anyone have commit notification hook script that will send email upon commit of codes?
create a tag upon every build of the application?
how do i refresh the relationships in a dataset?
can multiple indexes work together?
best way to make nsrunloop wait for a flag to be set?
preferred path to applications on osx?
has anyone run into problems in tortoisesvn where the 'author' isn't written to the log?
code promotion: build or binary?
structuring projects & dependencies of large winforms applications in c#
how to capture the "print" button from the menu bar in a macro
code coverage for pl/sql
unit testing for pl/sql
cruisecontrol.net : using svnlabeller / svnrevisionlabeller
sql developer error
subversion - is trunk really the best place for the main development?
how should i store a guid in oracle
linqtosql filter and order by syntax
how do you remove subversion control for a folder?
handling exceptions raised during method called via nsobject's performselectoronmainthread:withobject:waituntildone:
extending chart functionality in ssrs
exception thrown in a referenced .dll how do i debug?
mask redirect to temporary domain with mod_rewrite
unwanted leading blank space on oracle number format
in-house projects: to stable release or not?
do you have a common base class for hibernate entities?
how do you setup a shared working copy in subversion
when using cvs2svn how can you rename symbols such that a branch and tag resolve to the same name?
getting specific revision via http with visualsvn server
looking for macos threaded networking sample code
how to trunc a date to seconds in oracle
tool for translation of oracle pl/sql into postgresql pl/pgsql
how can i make a program start up automatically in osx?
best practices: .net: how to return pk against an oracle database?
how do i create a custom directive for apache velocity
how to find oracle error codes that could result from a connection error?
oracle rownum
required fields in share point data collection not throwing errors
apache mod_rewrite to catch xml requests
linqtosql, timespan, aggregates ... can it be done?
oracle considers empty strings to be null while sql server does not - how is this best handled?
what are the differences between the different saving methods in hibernate?
how to transfer data from one database to another with hibernate?
ora 12154 error
prevent legacy function calls in vb.net
how do i ignore a directory in mod_rewrite?
is there a way to get types/names of an unknown db query without executing it?
where is the attic in subversion?
html/javascript app that runs on the filesystem, security issue
should repositories implement iqueryable<t>?
what is the syntax for custom stacks for the osx leopard dock?
apache configuration help -- why are different processes "in" different time zones?
oracle instant client with oraole db provider?
.net localization problem
how do i find the version of apache running without access to the command line?
is it possible to select a specific tab in osx terminal.app using keyboard shortcuts?
best practice for creating subversion repositories?
subversion and revision engineering - what are the best web resources to read about?
oracle merge constants into single table
what is the simplest way to allow a user to drag and drop table rows in order to change their order?
is there a more efficient way of making pagination in hibernate than executing select and count queries?
eclipse's crtl+click in visual stdio?
datetime, datetime? and linq
how to prevent a script form running simultaneously?
objective-c tidy
to host or not to host?
is  svnautoversioning directive in apache subversion imporant?
apache webserver security and optimization tips
detecting appearance/disapperance of volumes on osx
how to find and tail the oracle alert log
avoiding, finding and removing memory leaks in cocoa
how to tell if the user's using 24 hour time using cocoa
accessing grouped sets of objects for a listview
oracle cursor issue
add (external) relationship (tagging) to existing hibernate entities
apache: multiple log files?
apache uses excessive cpu
oracle apex access
using vs 2005 to design abstract forms
rownum vs row_number
caml query to locate specific spfolder nested in document library tree
hibernate mappings with a descriminator
using subversion with a really really big site
why does tortoisesvn (1.5.3) try to merge 1-head when i pull from trunk?
how do you version your database schema?
what do you recommend for setting up a shared server with php
autocomplete dropdown - too much data, timing out
what's the best way to find out the installed version of the iphone sdk?
how to use a function-based index on a column that contains nulls in oracle 10+?
'continue' keyword in oracle 10g pl/sql
detailed information from qobject::connect
what happens when i edit web.config?
what is the best way to solve an objective-c namepsace collision?
what happens if i don't use the --reintegrate option in subversion 1.5?
why does hibernate try to delete when i try to update/insert? wtf?
how can i connect to an oracle database as sys using an ado connection string?
bulk row transfer between oracle databases with a select filter
best solution for migration from oracle forms 6i to the web?
moss 2007 document library - choice column not displaying selected value
any free alternative to visualstudio?
what is the default url for apex for an oracle xe installation?
oracle error
is there a better way to find midnight tomorrow?
apache + lighttpd front-proxy concept
how do i use oracle.jdbc.driver.oraclelog to debug oracle 10g database connection failures?
how to constrain a database table so only one row can have a particular value in a column?
hibernate: comparing current & previous record
how to disable all apache virtual hosts?
usertype join in hibernate
how to change the height of an nsprogressindicator?
what do the letter codes in oracle user_contraints table's constraint_type column stand for?
free oracle development tools.
how to make jetty dynamically load "static" pages.
nsautoreleasepool in nsoperation main?
which eclipse subversion plugin should i use?
optimizations for a write heavy oracle application?
apache: caching a deflate'd file.
what is the size limit for a varchar2 procedure argument in oracle 10g ?
is there a difference between installing mod_python via httpd.conf and conf.d in apache?
wss/moss development ... where to draw the line?
subversion not merging changes into renamed files?
oracle date
grant select on all tables owned by specific user
how to set session variable skip_unusable_indexes to true in a pl/sql package to speed up a table delete/insert?
pl/sql evaluation order
how do i format my oracle queries so the columns don't wrap?
what's the difference between "&> foo" and "> foo 2>&1"?
what's the best way to persuade my employer to move from vss to subversion?
apache - reverse proxy and http 302 status messsage
how do i extract xml properties using shell scripts
is there any reason why you all want to be notify whenever someone commit some codes?
easiest way to front weblogic 9.2 with apache 2.x
apache + mod_lisp + clisp
oracle - how does transaction, rollback segment and the undo_retention parameter work ?
why can't i select symbolic links in nsopenpanel?
what do i need to re-build my web server?
what's the best way to validate a user-entered url in a cocoa application?
print text in oracle sql developer sql worksheet window
apache htaccess on win2k is not being processed
is this slash character in an oracle pl/sql script an error?
how can i get notified when the user finishes editing a cell in an nstableview?
oracle recommendations for high volume writes and low volume read.
distinguishing between hfs+ and hfs standard volumes
what are the options available for cross platform rich user interfaces development?
internal redirects after using apache's mod_rewrite
oracle 10gr2: prevent any dates that fall on a sunday?
is there a pattern for dealing with non-memory resources on cleaning up an objc object?
where is the oracle event log located?
oracle 10g - utl_mail package
proxy choices: mod_proxy_balancer, nginx + proxy balancer, haproxy?
removing contents of placeholderpagetitleintitlearea
locating bundles by identifier
hibernate: criteria vs. hql
beanstalk like functionality
subclipse alternative
how to determine if currency symbol is to the left or right of a number on macos
how to confire apache to work as proxy (load balancer) for j2ee server?
how to use client certificates in apache httpd to connect to an ldap for authorization?
why isn't querying a jdbc-compliant database from oracle as easy as pie?
correct way to give users access to additional schemas in oracle
hibernate delete cascade
show running processes in oracle db
solution: per application, or per application suite.
debugging with exceptions: how to work around 'break when thrown'
automatically enforcing a max database table size by dropping old rows
vs2005 + cant select windows service as project type
dow do you set asp.net development web server to not cache any content?
mod_rewrite rule to cover all domains
caml query items with the given urls
integrating "really simple history" with rails
how to use enums in oracle?
oracle 10gr2: ensure timestamps are between 9am and 5pm
why does oracle 9i treat an empty string as null?
include directory in vs 2003
implementing a kvo/bindings-compliant bridge-pattern in cocoa
why does running a script from sqlplus not require a password?
failed to get separate instances of a class under mod_python
preserving order in sql
what is the syntax for creating a timestamp(6) type field in oracle
what can cause intermittent ora-12519 (tns: no appropriate handler found) errors
migrating a character based oracle form
oracle database allows invalid time portion of datetime column values under what circumstances?
cocoa bad habits
ora-12154: tns: could not resolve service name
oracle - best select statement for getting the difference in minutes between two datetime columns?
how to check for empty array in vba macro
oracle 10gr2: enforce a date range
where next, after haskell?
oracle v$osstat
plot a data series beneath another one
best practices for getting cross-site json responses to post?
moving directories in subversion
expressiontype.quote
how to make apache/mod_python process to collect its zombies?
does oracle allow the uncommited read option?
deployed web part not showing up in 'web part gallery: new web parts'
how to best update a website from subversion.
search all fields in all tables for a specific value (oracle)
assignment in .net 3.5 expression trees
.htaccess redirect performance
is there a devenv flag to disable pdb generation at compile time?
how do you start debugging a cocoa app with a url?
word press - changed directory and images do not appear
[nspredicateroweditortemplate templateswithattributekeypaths:inentitydescription:] for to-many key?
nsdatepickerelementflags for nsdatepicker row editor returned from [nspredicateroweditortemplate templateswithattributekeypaths:inentitydescription:]
wp-contact form 7 -- php question
what is the best way to initialize a bean?
connection to oracle without a username or password
problems with globalization when using oracle collections with thin jdbc
how to choose and optimize oracle indexes ?
subversion: what does "target path does not exist" when merging mean?
"pivoting" a table in sql
how do i print a field from a pipe-separated file?
best pattern for allowunsafeupdates
what software to use for virtual machine for windows development?
how do i hide directories in apache, specifically source-control?
[oracle] - alternatives to toad
uuid mismatch detected with the loaded library
how do i trouble shoot why my rewrite rules aren't being applied by apache?
best way to implement touchesmoved
what's a good library to manipulate apache2 config files?
strategies to avoid hibernate  lazyinitializationexceptions
scala: how to create xml nodes from some collection
double question in excl strings?
how to quarantine a specific subversion revision?
how to use hibernate @any-related annotataions?
stitch picture in iphone
loading custom framework in iphone
spworkflowtaskproperties.extendedproperties aren’t populating the fields in my task
oracle text: how to sanitize user input
device information from nsevent/cgevent
how can i implement a "natural" sort?
how do you print out a stack trace to the console/log in cocoa?
.app osx package problems on removable media.
calling performselectoronmainthread => multithreaded app?
midl generates the same file for /env win32 and /env win64
oracle pl/sql - are no_data_found exceptions bad for stored procedure performance?
how do i compile an asp.net website into a single .dll?
how to stop hibernate from eagerly fetching many-to-one associated object
audit revoke operations
how to assign null to sql entity columns
converting between oracle.sql.timestamptz and standard jdbc classes for dbunit
can we use cocoa httpserver in ipad?
how do you configure apache on windows for ssl?
will pro*c work with msvc 6?
what's a good way to bind from a shared utility window and the frontmost document window?
best source control package
no suitable mysql driver found for jboss application
creating a custom hibernate usertype - what does ismutable() mean?
how can you work out the id of a users mysite
shortcut to collapse to definitions except regions
access web datasheet in a webapp
best oracle database manager/editor?
looking for an osx application that can do image processing using a webcam.
can i block search crawlers for every site on an apache web server?
hibernate returns invalida results with composite key.
change version informaiton in a built binary
can you detect a ctrl-click (context menu) request in the mousedown event?
subversion auth: can't access the "collection of repositories" page anymore
is there an equivalent technique in cocoa for the synchronous trackpopupmenu in windows?
subversion asks for incorrect user
how can i insert multiple rows into oracle with a sequence value?
functional metapost in 5 steps
apache mod_rewrite domain level cookie
do you always use a second-level cache in hibernate?
springsecurity : always redirect logged in users to a page
vs.net "watched" objects and recursive depth
obtaining the maximum width and height of a font
what is the difference between "as" and "is" in an oracle stored procedure?
using a mulitplelookupfield in moss '07 layout page
disable moss auto import of colleagues
how do i set up an asp.net mvc app with subversion?
will oracle retire 10gas in favor of weblogic?
why does apache return a 503 error for ant's get task, but not for my browser?
assembla no longer free!! :(
how do you add weights together in an oracle text index?
.net vs2005 winforms: how do i drop a user control onto a form?
coldfusion vs php
how to add a web part page to a site definition?
vc++ problem with 64 bit oracle client with openforwardonly flag in database connection.
how to use explain plain to optimize queries?
binding asp.net gridview to an oracle sys_refcursor
generic htaccess redirect www to non-www
implement zip using foldr
looking for pattern/approach/suggestions for handling long-running operation tied to web app
best practices for using version-controlling on cocoa projects
oracle: how to upsert (update or insert into a table?)
how do i get my dependenices inject using @configurable in conjunction with readresolve()
implementing a sql server 2008 user-defined function in managed code for geocoding
how to set up oci to connect to oracle from php?
moving to subversion from sourcesafe
subversion server on 64-bit windows?
application crashing when talking to oracle unless executable path contains spaces
can you configure vs2008 code analysis to use a british english dictionary?
c#: how to include dependent dlls?
ora-12514 after rebooting server
oracle utl_match special characters
why  is oracle's to_char() function adding spaces?
subversion merge a delete command
using change directory (cd) inside scripts - best practices
oracle scheduled jobs
how to execute an oracle stored procedure via a database link.
how to set an initial size of a qscrollarea?
what exactly is the deal with oracle connection identifiers separated by a period
how would one implement a sidebar similar to mail/itunes/finder/etc in cocoa/ib?
deploying new web parts
paging with oracle
how to fix apache2 timestamps, incorrect values
how can i use custom animations for onorderout in core animation?
setting fetchmode in native hibernate
how does svnserve serve up multiple repositories?
assign auto-incrementing value to new column in oracle
wordpresss plugin development
stop text from wrapping with nslayoutmanager
improve oracle query performance without indexing
refactoring and concurrent development branches
is parentviewcontroller always a navigation controller?
render image in custom webpart from picture library
what do you use to develop for powershell?
managing reference paths between x86 and x64 workstations in a team
how to determine the version of oc4j being used?
ebnf to fluent interface
keeping a "reference" to a row object for a long time
apache/tomcat error - wrong pages being delivered
how to debug ora-01775: looping chain of synonyms?
oracle - odbc connection using ms access error (ora-12154)
replacing typelibs for imports
escaping spaces in mod_rewrite
how to require commit messages in visualsvn server?
does oracle allow an order by within an in clause?
creating a vs .net 2003 property macro/variable
how to verify that mod_rewrite is working
shortcut for commenting css in vs 2008
what could cause an ora-00936 - missing expression with the following sql?
how do i suppress "pl/sql procedure successfully completed" message in sqlplus?
how do i log oracle stored procedure calls with parameter values?
how do you rate oracle portals as a platform?
using qsortfilterproxymodel with a tree model
what to look for when downgrading from oracle 10g to 9i?
select from select statement?
caml to html
how to create xml/xsd equivalent of a dataset or datatable in vs2008 (or other tool)
how do i let my dba pause and resume a stored procedure that is updating every row in a large table?
saas per seat authentication
how to use scalax.io.commandlineparser?
how to fix a misconfiguration with phusion passenger and a virtualhost directive?
spcrosslistquery fails to bring back results
is there a way to do full text search of all oracle packages and procedures?
is there a way to do a reverse update with subversion?
what python bindings are there for cvs?
why does char(1) change to char(3) when copying over an oracle dblink?
migrating moss 2007 from sql 2000 to sql 2005
how can i get my orderby to work using an anonymous type?
orm criteria question
hibernate crud à la ruby on rails' scaffolding
dealing with objects returned from cocoa convenience methods
cannot re-install apache 2.2 services on xp through xampp
library for browser based outliner
oracle: how to add minutes to a timestamp?
.htaccess require ssl for a particular url
how to make a reference to a cell of another sheet, when the sheet name is the value of a cell?
authentication subversion write-through proxy
what are the disadvantages of auto generating the clases in hibernate
more efficent shell text manipulation
can ctrl+backspace be made to work in vs2008's solution explorer?
apache modrewrite .htaccess question
oracle single-table constant merge with clob using jdbc
"disable" trasactions in oracle
apache .htaccess mod_rewrite and clean urls
is there an easy way to clone the structure of a table in oracle?
create nsstring by repeating another string a given number of times
patching out calll by replacing with nops works in user space but not in kernel space
notification when alter occurs on oracle database
numericupdown control
mapping multi-level inheritance in hibernate
visualstudio: how to save the obj folder somewhere else
nsdateformatter won't parse dates using locale settings?
oracle express edition - can not connect remotely (plus others)
how do i compress this oracle resultset into values according to row priority, ignoring nulls?
force apache httpd to run in 32bit
is mod_rewrite a valid option for caching dynamic pages with apache?
how do i create a toolbar in an xla document?
better understanding an oc4j stack trace
oracle procedure returns integer
reloving aliasrecord with relative path on a new volume
how do you find the amount of free space on a mounted volume using cocoa?
querying manytomany relationship with hibernate criteria
running vc2008 debug builds on non-dev machines
cocoa 10.5 multithread app runs slowly
how to enable mod_dav_svn in the root directory of a server?
how do i calculate tables size in oracle
how to find out when an oracle table was updated the last time
apache whitelist reverse proxy
what's the best type 4 oracle jdbc driver?
linqtoentities not retrieving child objects of an entity
filenotfoundexception with the spsite constructor. what's the problem?
why can't i reference a user defined type field when using nested queries?
microsft enterprise search - fast
encoding of the authzsvnaccessfile
how do i theme form api buttons in drupal?
session management using hibernate in a swing application
how do i remember which way round prior should go in connect by queries
oracle - side-by-side schema update technology...is there any?
apache on windows virtual directory config help
what access does apache 2.0 need in windows server 2003 in order to start as a service?
oracle transactions
what is the best way to merge a feature branch into the mainline in subversion?
vs2008 publish problem with unmanaged dlls
utf-8 uri explodes apache & mod_rewrite
portalsitemapprovider causing excessive sprequest objects
how get vs html editor to default to single quotes?
return a value from a insert statement.
why does hibernate/jdbc/mysql drop connections after a day or so?
how to put bids solutions under source control?
battery status in osx?
subversion "suite"?
how do i collect key input in a video-game style cocoa app?
how to stop vs2008 trying to compile .asp pages as visual basic?
framework goto definition shows comments, are these generated from xml comments?
team system unit testing and configuration
hibernate jpa sequence (non-id)
moss 2007: splistitem.getformattedvalue for datetime fields has a bug?
to use cocoa bindings or not?
merge with hibernate causing error with dirty objects
find all foreign key errors with oracle set constraints all deferred
can cck take care of my fields for a programatically defined node type in drupal?
is it possible to access the previous/current value of a proxy object using kvo?
uiviewcontroller vs. uiview - which one should create subviews?
what's a good directory structure for large c#/c++ solutions?
how to get cmd line build command for vs solution?
why does my web part throw an error about "nt authority/anonymous user"?
hibernate jpa to ddl command line tools
excel　ＶＢＡ　ｑｕｅｓｔｉｏｎ，　ｈｏｗ　ｔｏ　ｒｅｔｕｒｎ　ａ　ｒａｎｇｅ　ｏｆ　ｃｅｌｌｓ　ｗｉｔｈｏｕｔ　ｕｓｉｎｇ　ｌｏｏｐ？
easy parallelisation
audit schema mapping with hibernate
returning redirect as response to xhr request.
how to find out subversion repository version?
weird bindings issue
pl/sql compilation fails with no error message
persisting using hibernate/jpa
oracle setting per user default scheme (not altering a session)
apache reverse proxy set up secure certificate
different backup location for duplicate command
moss spnavigationnode.children always empty
best way to select out of millions of rows in an oracle db
oracle why does creating trigger fail when there is a field called timestamp?
where can i find prebuilt subversion binaries for sgi irix?
automatically creating a tag in subversion
apache mod rewrite (.htaccess)
best way to select the id of the matching row with the most recent timestamp
subversion does not remember my user/password
is there an good alternative to sql*plusfor oracle?
databases oracle
i want to create a form in share point that allows the booking of time on a timetable
find out name of pl/sql procedure
in a qtablewidget, changing the text color of the selected row
use svnkit 1.2.1 from trunk
oracle default values
re writting methods with in a project
oracle packages in version control?
oracle detection date of daylight savings change
oracle rollback segments and ado.net
subversion access from .net
print from a windows app - data from an oracle db on linux
does sqldeveloper support executing scripts?
how do you instantiate a spweb object from a console app?
use oracle exception
how to check what version of apache i'm running on a debian box?
revovering from subversion corruption
getting the current stack trace on macosx
.net install package sometimes not completely removing previous versions
why are event-based network applications inherently faster than threaded ones?
changing font tracking in cocoa
<on-start> expression
oracle check constraint
how to assign date parameters to hibernate query for current timezone?
new to functional programming
software to synchonize oracle schema
opening a vs 2003 c++ project in vs 2008
can i use odac 11g to access 10g
why isn't my c code being compiled to an exe
msvcr90.dll was not found.
if i'm posting a question about oracle sql query performance, what should i include in my question?
how to create a qwidget with a hwnd as parent?
hibernate: avoiding reading all the records to memory at once
sync services client and schema xcode project structure
how to determine change statistics between revisions
beginning oracle and sql
in oracle what does 'buffer gets' actual refer to?
how do i add a directory with a colon to a shell path?
nsalert without bouncing dock icon
unit test to verify object getting deallocated
adding a script with scriptmanager on a compositecontrol?
generified commons collection
apache access control
error handling in core data
vba long overflow
how to change the default browser to debug with in vs2008?
better way to access tuple(other than match case)
hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto how does hibernate decide when to create or update the ddl?
how do you programatically identify a stored procedure's dependancies?
how should i rotate a uiview, without altering the location of the touch events i get?
how can i clean up dead connections using oracle?
fetching core data entities, but not sub-entities
is it possible to add a method to a built-in type in scala?
is there syntactic sugar for binding a value inside an anonymous function in scala?
how do i send a cross-domain post request via javascript?
connecting to remote oracle via cygwin sqlplus
chanigng path for custom build step
help on integrating oracle bi into existing application
hosted subversion recommendations or suggestions
how to create and require completion of a subset of several tasks workflow foundation?
display hidden characters in nstextview
how to get distinct results in hibernate with joins and row-based limiting?
any way to run a macro (in an open vs instance) from the command line?
how can i change the way nsbuttoncell objects highlight when clicked?
how to select a related group of items in oracle sql
oracle logon trigger not being fired.
observing an nsmutablearray for insertion/removal
how to ensure a mobile app is deployed to the mobile device?
iis equivalent of virtualhost in apache
automate "attach to process" in vs2005/2008
in sql*plus, how do i change the prompt to show the connected user and database?
how much math do i need to become productive in haskell?
how can i detect that the number of rows in an nstableview has changed?
hibernate-like framework for c++
how can i make my nsscroller subclass have a different width?
detecting if an oracle database is installed
check for a subversion update
using different web.config in development and production environment
comet applications without using iframes
what is the easiest way to determine the dependencies of a .net assembly.
oracle populate backup table from primary table
hibernate annotation placement question
how do you detect if there is an index for a specific column on a table in oracle?
moving a directory atomically
is it possible to integrate javascript with flash/a java applet/some other plugin that can create a tcp connection?
how do you setup a linked server to an oracle database on sql 2000/2005?
how do you develop an application to draw, edit and save uml models in cocoa?
add a common namespace reference by default to all pages in a project
what column type in oracle can take full range of java double values
oracle dbms_scheduler - react to change of system date
how to tranform an oracle sql into a stored procedure that should iterate through some tables fetching a certain data field?
hibernate auto-discovery and generation of of database mappings to pojos
how to split oracle sql statements for ado.net
subversion web based browser
dependency injection framework for cocoa?
good database library/orm for cocoa development
nsborderlesswindowmask window wont show nspanels if not front most window
upgrading from sps 2003 to moss 2007
datagridview filtering onclick event (c# winform)
debugging cocoa app
the case statement in pl/sql
accidental overwrite of osx python system framework
how to programmatically cancel an embedded msbuild build
getting a unique id for a window of another application
linqy way to check if any objects in a collection have the same property value
how do i create a cocoa window programmatically?
programmatically marking an oracle bpel task complete
nstableview - nsbuttoncell data source type?
getting rid of "there is no source code available for the current location"
need an example of a primary-key @onetoone mapping in hibernate
what are the factors to decide between using core data versus rolling out a custom model?
how can i pass a class name as an argument to an object factory in cocoa?
trying to improve efficiency of array formula
setting global_names parameter.
sql import wizard imports 1022868890 as 1.02287e+009
interesting usage of tar... but what is happening?
top 5 time consuming sqls in oracle
autoincrement in oracle
oracle - select where field has lowercase characters
subversion merge problem: cannot reintegrate yet
multiple qmainwindow instances?
how to install system packages into oracle?
subversion upgrade question - 1.5.3 to 1.5.4
content type custom document information panel
echo "-e" doesn't print anything
how can i simplify an expression using basic arithmetics?
oracle user management
synchronizing code with two subversion repositories
encrypting data in cocoa, decoding in php (and vice versa)
how can i keep data in sync during deployment?
forking subversion project
vs2008 navigate to class definition add-in
need ideas on outputting table data to a csv using pl/sql in a dynamic fashion
vs2008 debugging with firefox as default browser - how to make the debugger stop/close on exit?
xls to text converter
hibernate group by time interval
qabstracttablemodel inheritance vtable problem
extracting 32-bit rgba value from nscolor
does apache log cancelled downloads?
subversion auto-props woes
make it impossible for users to remove web parts/zones?
continue on error in loop
hibernate and oracle native functions
primitive recursion
how do i get keyboard events in an nsstatuswindowlevel window while my application is not frontmost?
connecting to oracle from asp.net is very slow - how to diagnose?
setting a publish page content programatically
hibernate: parse/translate hql from part to get pairs class alias, class name
subversion... pratical with a php framework app or not?
primitive recursion
how do i simplify the below expressions using primitive recursion ????
understanding the type error: "expected signature int*int->int but got int*int->int"
should +initialize/+load always start with an: if (self == [myclass class]) guard?
how can i evaluate an expression?
posix error 14 (bad address) on open read stream in cocoa.  hints?
pl/sql: fetching from a cursor that is passed between two functions
oracle join operator
it there a framework for running unit tests on apache c modules?
nsapplication delegate and preference panes
subversion: how to merge only specific revisions into trunk?
how can i write an addition of two items in a string representation???
setneedsdisplay not working?
nstableview -setdatasource not working when triggered by fsevents
what are some use cases for various dispatcherservlet.detectallxxx flags?
issue with serializing hibernate objects using xstream
how do i convert a variable to a string?
rewrite rules - going outside the docroot.
cocoa: memory management with nsstring
setting linqdatasource bound dropdownlist using url querystring
testing workflow history autocleanup
error outputting html with javascript
subversion in a single picture
using min, max and count on hql
network outage causes stored procedure querying across db link to hang forever
cocoa threadsafe mutable collection access
ienumberable.except wont work, so what do i do?
how to open a link from one web app to another already authenticated?
url rewrite blanket redirect with directory exceptions
managing multiple asynchronous nsurlconnection connections
oracle floats vs number
excel range describes a group of adjacent cells.  when several groups of non-contiguous cells are selected, how do you get them all from worksheet.selected (range)?
threadsafe uitableview
is there a graceful way to stop svnserve -d
svnserve with ldap
is hibernate good for batch processing?  what about memory usage?
caml queries: how to filter folders from result set?
system.net.webexception :system.unauthorizedaccessexception: access to the path denied
in drupal, how can i create a front page with a set of menus as the content?
how to use apache mod_rewrite and alias at the same time?
is it possible to start an external program from the target directory when debugging?
do you tolist()?
"session closed" error when trying to get a blob from db using getbinarystream()
how can i set up an ldap connection pool in a jee container?
how to know a qtreewidget selected item?
how to timestamp request logs with millisecond accuracy in apache 2.0
case-insensitive kvc in cocoa?
vs2010 extensibility - how different is it?
how are the classes in the sketch example appkit application separated into models/views/controllers?
use apache behind proxy
what is first and second level caching in hibernate?
delayed call, with possibility of cancelation
oracle table change monitor
how can i troubleshoot my custom url scheme?
why does oracle require to_nchar when binding sql_c_wchar text via odbc
global variables in cocoa/objective-c?
nsstring's initwithdata:encoding: return type issue
oracle 10g odbc: sqlbindparameter(sql_bigint) succeeds, sqlexecute fails, but there are no diagnostic errors
are subversion externals an antipattern?
unable to commit to subversion
using apache's mod_auth across multiple sub-domains for single sign-on?
javascript developer looking for insperation from frameworks such as cocoa
when is the difference between quotrem and divmod useful?
automatic tracking of build number in vs 2005?
what do you use (free) to format c# code?
"does not contain" in caml ?
database design - should a date be used as part of a primary key
reducing cpu processing time by using nice?
how do widgets like "http://sharethis.com/" make what seem to be xss calls
how do i get each line from an nsstring?
what is the maximum password length in subversion?
moss 2007 ssp error "search application '{0}' is not ready."
html getting garbled from php
what to do about the solution explorer and getting around? suggestions and improvements!
how to drop and create new repositories with as subversion server?
how can i implement a global rewritecond / rewriterule in apache that applies to all virtual hosts?
subversion: expected format '3' of repisotory; found format '5'
pixel perfection with uibutton to cover a uitableviewcell
how can i have two concurrent web apps running on vs2008/vss8.0/asp.net/iis for a trunk and branch version?
vs2008 windows form designer does not like my control.
hibernate: lazyinitializationexception: could not initialize proxy
lazy loading some config params, trying to come up with a pattern in scala...
remove apache
how can i use cocoa's accessibility api to detect that a window is brought to front?
how can i make a setup that makes my software require administrative priviliges while installation?
encrypted web services connections and pk12 certificates
setting the nsbrowsercell image using bindings?
workflow auto cleanup timer job does not run
best reflection of extract-interface refactoring in subversion
how do i programatically restart a system service(not apache) from apache in linux?
rewrite this rewriterule
best way to let third-parties work on your site
can apache's proxyremote be used to proxy https requests to mongrel for processing?
how bad is ignoring oracle dup_val_on_index exception?
problem connecting to a remote database using hibernate
how do i access the data passed back from a workflow association form?
signal and slott connection in .ui
undo redo with an auto delete mechanism
clean document roles in a doc library
getting data from a qtreewidgetitem inherited class
applywebconfigmodifications not working in the farm
create a colored bubble/circle programmatically
how do i keep an nspathcontrol updated with the selected cell in an nsbrowser
displaying foreign key relationships in oracle 9i
how can i represent many to many relationship to the same table/entity in hibernate?
how do i escape an ampersand in a javascript string so that the page will validate strict?
oracle linux front end
"wget --domains" not helping.. what am i doing wrong?
utf 8 from oracle tables
apache rotate access and error logs
how to wait in bash for several subprocesses to finish and return exit code !=0 when any subprocess ends with code !=0 ?
identifier for win64 configuration in qmake
using an alias in a where clause
identifiers in a one to many relationship
identifiers in a diamond relationship between tables
qvariant and qregistermetatype question
example of using authtype digest to authenticate a user once across sub-domains?
explanation of “tying the knot”
porting jdbcrealm from tomcat to oc4j
what are your favorite programming-related academic papers?
does odp.net close a ref cursor when the connection closes?
ghc + wxhaskell on windows
a good place to find interface builder plugins…
is there a non-scripting language for linux/apache?
relative path in subversion external configuration
javascript not working, no errors
can i see a log of who did what with my subversion server?
oracle record history using as of timestamp within a range
weird vs2008 intelliesense problem
hibernate: how to make hibernate delete records from child table when deleting parent if child is linked to parent with many-to-one?
output library project xml to asp.net bin folder on build?
subversion - move repository
using revision control  for home development
oracle: how do i get the sequence number of the row just inserted?
can i hide a directory/path from launch services?
is there any way to suppress the browser's login prompt on 401 response when using xmlhttprequest
oracle left outer joins not showing right null values
adding oracle's timestamp to query results
vs2008: launching the executable for a project that isn't the active project in a solution
can you send dynamic data to a processing applet?
how to i change the main menu in cocoa?
is it possible to sort numbers in a qtreewidget colum??
how do i get both stdout and stderr to go to the terminal and a log file?
why is visual c++ lacking refactor functionality?
what is your experience with oracle's result caching feature?
how do i generate an ssl certificate with microsoft certificate services and then install / configure it to work with apache?
oracle xe for linux...?
connect to my repository remotely using tortoisesvn
faster insert oracle hash cluster table
workarounds to avoid trying to conditionally protect cells in a shared workbook
how can i make spotlight index markdown files?
screen resolution for programming
temporary text attributes causing massive slowdown
loaded a subversion dump but it's inaccessible
helper functions in cocoa
debug/release diffrence
loop through pivotitems: runtime error 91
how to do this in ado.net entities framework
shell scripting: die on any error
how do i map a hibernate timestamp to a mysql bigint?
oracle function concurrency
how do i find the correct case of a filename?
eclipse keyboard shortcuts broken in 10.5.6
sorting iqueryable by aggregate in vb.net
how do i start with working sub-version + delphi?
calculating connection/download speed
c stack overflow on project euler problem 27
runtime error 1004: application-defined or object-defined error
cross join (pivot) with n-n table containing values
oracle sql - parsing a name string and converting it to first initial & last name
pl/sql function to return string with regexp special chars escaped
.htaccess redirect with fragment
cocoa interface style
what is the best way to write a wrapper function that runs commands and logs their exit code
how to automatically sort a qtreewidget column?
performance of dynamic sql vs stored procedures on oracle
automatic migratiion between different persistent backends
what happens to oracle sequence in a disaster recovery?
is there a recommended number of lines of code per file?
oracle to_date headache
apache web server redirect post request
should i keep solutions and features in a 1-1 ratio?
refactoring the orderby expression
jquery and json
why does my nib's window close immediately?
(n)hibernate: core/master mappings with relationships
subversion - merging repositories
sql server newbie needs help
why is apache mod_rewrite not behaving as expected
how long does it take for you to be comfortable with haskell?
how do you do generic programming in haskell?
combo boxes with hibernate
dynamically add where clauses to a cursor in oracle
should the new mfc feature pack contols appear in vs toolbox
controlling how custom field types are rendered when exported to spreadsheet
referencing oracle user defined types over dblink?
excluding subdirectories with a pattern in subversion
subversion creating revision directories with too-strict permissions
abstract class memory management in cocoa
ora-12638: credential retrieval failed
restricting a monad to a type class
any difference between "current row" and "0 preceding/following" in windowing clause of oracle analytic functions?
oracle 9i: synonymed table does not exist?
what font do xterms (x11) use on max osx and how can i use it in terminal or aquamacs emacs or other applications?
adding a framework in xcode
how make difference between working version control directories?
looking for info on custom drawing of interface components (cocoa)
how save xpathexpression result to separate xml with ancestor structure?
non-mathematical use cases for functional programming ?
do i still need to learn about managing memory now that objective-c/cocoa has garbage collection?
rotating a div element in jquery
what is the best way to model an association class in core data?
qx11embedcontainer and qprocess problem...
install eventfilter on qwidget (qt4.4.3/kde4)
globalizing source code
apache giving a 400 error on a fastcgi virtualhost
how useful is nsobject's ismemberofclass: method?
can someone explain source (versioning) control to me?
graphic effects library for core graphics?
implications of foldr vs. foldl (or foldl')
best toolkit for new web application (odd requirements)
how do i deploy an oracle database?
nstask and which not finding my installed git location
how do i tell apache which php to use?
conditional .htaccess rewriterule parameter
how do i test for an oracle connection
when should i dispose of a data context
adding a subview below my uitableview
how do you typically import data from a spreadsheet to multiple database columns?
wrapping text inside a bound field in spgridview
identify a table with maximum rows in oracle
oracle: how can i programmatically arrange to have my current connection killed?
rebuild indexes oracle 10g
best way to implement realtime ui updates like so's 'new answer' notifier?
haskell, lisp, and verbosity
how do i draw a badge on my dock icon using cocoa?
what's the easiest way to create an array of structs?
can spotlight index a macfuse filesystem?
when does using structs make sense in cocoa?
storing dates in oracle via hibernate
getting the row of a nsbuttoncell
mcafee deletes code from vba module
save entire desktop state?
what setting might be causing an amp server to only allow 1 request at a time per browser?
when should i use $ (and can it always be replaced with parentheses)?
how do i get controls on an nspanel to look correct?
how do you use mod_rewrite to move a site down a sub directory?
mutual recursion -- can someone help explain how this code works?
how to give nswindow a particular background color
how to debug "unexpected debug information initialization error -- 'failed to find a required export in the runtime.'"
add date without exceeding a month.
how can i set the schema name used by hibernate entities at query time?
a useful example of when to use vsize function instead of length function in oracle?
long-lived connections (asynchronous server push) with apache/php/javascript?
parsing unsupported date formats in via cocoa's nsdate
how to capture / post system-wide keyboard / mouse events under osx ?
subversion merge trunk to branch
office xp shared addin vs 2008
how to put more than 1000 values into an oracle in clause
asp.net scriptcontrol - add the javascript get_events method : possible?
asp.net scriptcontrol - call one method from another
adding sort keys and filter to oracle stored procedure
filtering null values in select
using git in a company?
onreadystatechange function not being called
what does the alias attribute of fieldref do?
free sql query generator tool for oracle database?
why library name gets an additional 0 is its name?
oracle: how to use updatexml to update multiple nodes in a document?
in subversion can i be a user other than my login name?
typed fp: tuple arguments and curriable arguments
insufficiente privileges when creating a trigger for a table in another schema
in-place editing, version control - what's your solution?
automatically adding .net code comments
pyqt: getting widgets to resize automatically in a qdialog
pl/sql replace() function isn't handling carriage-returns & line-feeds
syncing a core data model with a web service
oracle database to class diagram
hibernate criteria - querying tables in n:m relationship
cocoa nsdocument: getting autosave to work
running a socket server in cocoa
how do i prevent a subversion update with no changes from causing iis from recompiling the website?
table per concrete class hierarchy in hibernate
tortoisesvn can't connect to machine in workgroup
how can i change the sid or an oracle xe instance.
how do i tell rsync to run only if the destination directory exists?
how to create a series of dates in cocoa for a week
how to handle this exception?
possible to call oracle function from .net using enterprise library?
is there a fast way to change tabindexes on a form with lots of controls?
query about design guidelines for application development.
does oracle applications api expose web services? (that can be called from .net?)
creative uses of monads
high performance product catalog in asp.net?
vsts database edition and the gdr project structure
spcontext.current.web.currentuser returns misleading value
how composite function with arbitrary arity in haskell?
performance of dynamic sql with bind vs normal sql within package
problem with qvariant/qtreewidgetitem/iterator on qt4.4.3
asp.net mvc and jquery get info to controller
what's the difference between .bashrc, .bash_profile, and .environment?
how to call the c static library in a cocoa app ?
inherit existing web parts and override methods
how can i suppress the output due to a sigsegv or a sigfpe in a fortran 90 program?
how to create a binding for nsapp.docktile's
getting a signature mismatch error when compiling even though it matches in vs.net 2005
enumerations in hibernate
returning oracle ref cursor and appending multiple results
microsoft provider for oracle and positional parameters
how to move a single folder from one subversion repository to another repository?
stop echoing ^c to terminal
using alias in apache only if local directory not present?
best resource to learn application programming? (.net/cocoa/etc)
cocoa/objective-c - can i somehow see the implementation files?
possible to load a web part inside another?
parsing xml from an https url using nsxmlparser?
[visual studio 2003] setting environment variables in pre-build event and using in compilation step
loop through pagefield in olap cube [pivottable]
run custom code on login
performance tuning in cocoa application
where is the content source name in the ssp search database
should i use nsdecimalnumber to deal with money?
is there a way to enable / disable constraints in db2 v7?
convert asp.net project pages from windows-1251 to utf-8
will oracle optimizer use multiple hints in the same select?
regular expressions in cocoa / objective-c.
simple string parsing in cocoa / objective-c: parsing a command line into command and arguments.
how to keep the installer's version number in sync with the installed assemblies' version numbers?
problem with "not (a, b) in (select ...)" in jpa query using hibernate entitymanager
how to get the filepath when drag it from finder to a webview?
how can i pass structured data to my (f)cgi through apache?
toad vs aquafold - connecting to oracle
oracle tns names not showing when adding new connection to sqldeveloper
why doesn't intellisense show the appropriate methods according to what i am passing in?
converting small-ish oracle long raw values to other types
best way to use subversion as a project communication tool?
which is more efficient in haskell; pattern matching or nest if/switch statements?
how do i create nscolor instances that exactly match those in a photoshop ui mockup?
better (non-linear) binning
osx: environment variables pointing to application bundles?
attach to iis7 with a macro?
vba code for sumifs?
setting the umask of the apache user
macintosh c creating a navigation window to choose an app
are there alternative methods for saying 'next' in a pl/sql for loop?
apache rewrite
how to get rid validation warnings
ora-28579: network error during callback from external procedure agent
oracle: what does `(+)` do in a where clause?
how can i add two projects..vs2008
bandwidth throttling for apache<2.2 on windows (mod_throttle?)
including a vb project within a vc++ project
ambigous type variable error msg
zipcode to city/state look-up xml file?
destructuring tuples in haskell?
how to do custom-query based collection mappings in hibernate?
double-logging in hibernate
returning a pointer to memory allocated within a function in cocoa objective-c.
can i start with a string and instantiate an object of that string?
how to catch arbitrary exception in haskell?
link to download apache http server  source for windows
what tablespace are oracle sequences stored in?
updating live server from vcs
self-referencing updates in hql
initwithframe not called, but awakefromnib is
function application: why is $ used here?
why would subversion timeout when i try to commit changes to a directory?
ftp not uploading last 4 bytes
what would simple guidelines would you give your developers for writing good sql against oracle?
is there  a way to get coordinates relative to the innermost nsview when the parent is not the window?
when oracle rowid may change ?
error "stopped because i can't continue" in sqlloader - direct mode
how to make a transparent nsview subclass handle mouse events?
how to use currentsessioncontext/springsessioncontext along with hibernatedaosupport to intercept calls to getcurrentsession()
microsoft office web components ie security issue
good download manager for drupal?
configuring hibernate logging using log4j xml config file?
cd doesn't work when redirecting output?
vs2005: assembly '<assembly>' is incorrectly specified as a file.
can one access testcontext in an assemblycleanup method?
how do i sent users to a different "site" in apache while also using mod_proxy?
oracle: how to add a text node into an existing element
oracle: how to create an element in a specific namespace with xmlelement()
how to open a launch nswindow in cocoa on a button click
pushing from subversion to web server
subversion as version-incrementor at each commit?
is it possible to create autorun hybrid cd/dvd on max osx tiger/leopard?
update a field based on subtotal from another table
running total by grouped records in table
how do i (should i?) use apache poi hwpfdocument?
how to catch a unique constraint error in a pl/sql block?
can i make a generic compiledquery that accepts multiple tables and generic types?
console application - object model - database persmission
in oracle, why do public synonyms become invalid when a table partition is dropped.
can i declare a global inferred variable in c#?
core animation with a core graphics drawing
how can i access specific subsets of a large nsdictionary in cocoa?
how to determine an oracle query without access to source code?
how do i make the value binding of nstokenfield supply an nsstring?
if all my sql server database access is done thru stored procedures.....
different coloured fly out menu
how to parse rss-feeds / xml in a shell script
are there any .net data providers for oracle that do not require the oracle client to be installed?
hinky oracle connection (tnsnames.ora help)
left outer join on two columns performance issue
using oracle ref cursor in java without oracle dependency
are there any known issues of vs 2003/2005 and 2008 coexisting?
personal version controller
how to write eclipse rcp applications with scala?
install multiple apache instances
how do i map a char(1) to a boolean using hibernate for java?
hom to change default nls_date_format for oracle jdbc client
f6 for compiling?
accessing oracle db through sql server using openrowset
automatically attach vs2005 debugger to a child processes
encoding cgpoint struct with nscoder
deploying a custom field types to the bin directory
oracle 9i: supposedly missing right parenthesis
what is the defirence between dos and brute force attacks?
can any have the information about the apache roller weblogger software
how to average time intervals?
best way to track and enforce peer reviews before commit
limit number of concurrent connections in apache2
how to get column info from oracle table you don't own (without using describe)?
how do i make microsoft vcc crash out on the first build-error?
format cell color based on value in another sheet and cell
when is an nspersistentdocument's data store moved to final save location?
hiberate problems, jdbc identity_insert is set to off
detecting https requests in php
how to retrieve xml into oracle pl/sql via an http post transaction?
how to tell when a qtmovie starts playing?
is there a good reason to configure hibernate with xml rather than via annotations?
ajax/nph scripts under apache 2.2.9 - without the nph-name preface?
can i have a hit-point in visualstudio that skips lines?
nsmutablearray memory management
determining scope of a memberexpressions target
in cocoa, how can i display the spinning nsprogressindicator in a different color?
mixing "using" and "on" in oracle ansi join
return value alternative in managed code
is it possible to add multiple commands to the readline .inputrc file?
migrate from subversion to team foundation server
what's the difference between $(...) and `...`
xml comments: to use or not to use?
apache resolving urls before looking in .htaccess
project portal bombed after installing vs 2008?
how can i change the repository url using ankhsvn 2.x
directly passing html code into webkit
how do i copy a range into a temp workbook and return a reference to it with a vba function?
oracle 10g - an invisible column?
select a node in a treeview with vba
how to encode special characters using mod_rewrite & apache?
how do i cross fade text to an nstextview and an image to an nsimageview in a cocoa app?
custom c# data transfer objects from javascript pagemethods.
webparts compatible with "provide data to" webpart connection
bdc paging
best practices for using subversion on a development server?
selecting an index in a qlistview
is there a method in pl/sql to convert/encode text to xml compliant text?
how do i copy a range in vba?
mobileme api documentation
is this implementation correct?
subversion merge between multiple working copies?
asp.net: can you call modalpopupextender from gridview's edit button?
how do you manage your run once sql install scripts in subversion?
when to exploit type inference in haskell?
accordion control gets 'extended' when we switch to designer
examples of cocoa/objective-c and distributed objects?
best deployment approach for vsewss 1.2
how to show a local image in the webview?
how to implement an ifilter for indexing heavyweight formats?
insert tracepoint: how to set the default message?
mouseover in nstableview
qcompleter and qlineedit for multiple words
passing a datatable as a field from oracle to .net
seeing a combined diff of many commits in subversion ?
in cocoa, how can i darken everything displayed in a single nsview?
in cocoa, is there a proper way to handle overlapping nsview siblings?
is it possible to kill a single query in oracle without killing the session?
cannot set a breakpoint in aspx page running under wss
hibernate criteria api - having clause work arounds
in drupal, how to make login state consistent between browser pages and embedded xmlrpc client?
selecting the distinct values from three columns with the max of a fourth where there are duplicates
what is the best approach for decoupled database design in terms of data sharing?
rest service exposed on wcf not populating parameter values
hibernate daily builds
how do i alter the #weight of the content generated by the upload.module?
is it safe to use incremental rebuild for generating release build in visual c++ ?
moss fba never asking for creds
"mousedragged" but nsopenglview not refreshed until "mouseup"
how do i limit the number of rows returned by an oracle query?
how to check if a figure is opened and how to close it?
asp.net modal pop up extender and dropdownlist autopostback
cruisecontrol.net + apache
java library or code sample to parse ctxcat query syntax (for oracle catsearch)
subversion merging changes from a different repository
hibernate flush doesn't update database
lower case "k" in cocoa
performance benchmarking for apache nutch
scrollbar in datagridview
why should i not use the /optimize switch to compile my c# code?
making a constant heading
subversion - async development cicle... two trunks?
building objective-c app with external framework
how to make oracle error messages more verbose?
how do you store dependencies of you program, and tests items deployement in your scc ?
what does the ns prefix means?
reading clob column is slow...
using apache proxy to foward traffic to tinyproxy
blinking background cell in a model
datagridview/listview - display in an outlook style?
what's the best way to trim whitespace from a string in objective-c?
best practice for subversion and image uploads
crystal reports: new page
visualstudio-based rich client platform
writing to an iframe from nstextview
map (key ,value)
import to the same subversion repository directory multiple times?
creating cgimagecontext for resizing uiimage fails in simulator
key-value-observing a to-many relationship in cocoa
how to use nsstring drawinrect to centre text?
export oracle user tables to ms access automaticaly
why do i have to copy the libmysql.dll to the apache/bin directory to get the php extension to load properly?
how to test if a given path is a mount point
can i move an existing subversion repository into a new parent repository (and retain the history)?
how can i get apache http server 2.2 and iis 5.1 to both work on my localhost?
what's an easy way to access prebuild macros such as $(solutiondir) and $(devenvdir) from code in c#?
htaccess mod_deflate does not work on shared server
calculating person's time zone (gmt offset) based on phone number?
how can an object-oriented programmer get his/her head around database-driven programming?
why would my asp.net project run on the development server when not among the startup projects?
link an array controller to an array in xcode via outlets
why do you hate sequences on oracle?
how can i make an nsoutlineview where some of the entires are buttons?
apache alternatives to php header function.
detecting a column with a default value using the oracle call interface (oci)
how can i tell if voice over is turned on in system preferences?
is there any way to only update added files?
is it possible to add web parts to the my profile page of my site?
automated testing of vba userforms- tools and/or techniques?
how can i use svnlook functionality on client machine
how to show the logged messages window in xcode
how to declare a function in cocoa after the function using it?
oracle9i: filter expression fails to exclude data at runtime
how to add fields dynamically  when using hibernate
user gets a 403 error (user has full control permission)
why is my comparing if statement not working?
is there a framewok / api i could use to export iphone-sdk's abrecordref instances to vcard?
shared objects in cocoa
hibernate performance tweaks
how does one write the pythagoras theorem in scala?
best practices: ide code color scheme and font
mod_rewrite with godaddy
how to create a preprocessing application for indexing heavyweight formats in microsoft search server 2008?
select * breaks when adding columns in oracle application express (apex) 3.0
using stsadm to export and import site collection
how do i force a new site collection to inherit a master page?
hql query using group by
run macro to update cells
tools for inspecting .lib files?
run stsadm from asp.net under _layouts
convert oracle stored procedure using ref_cursor and package global variable to postgresql or mysql.
self-referential urls
why do some setups front-end glassfish with apache?
how do i enter a datetime value in the vs quickwatch window?
is scalas/haskells parser combinators sufficient?
bind user defaults to different identifier
checking for the presence of text in a text column efficiently
odp.net tracing
how can i stop cl.exe from terminating when a user logs out?
serialize oracle row to xml
why doesn't odp.net 11 xcopy deployment work on a machine with oracle db 10 installed?
hibernate and ids
exception error message with incorrect line number
best strategy to multiple crud with jsf
how to access the uiserid of the user who initiated a workflow
stsadm differential backups when directories are renamed?
oracle: combine multiple results in a subquery into a single comma-separated value
how to run eclipse 3.4.1 on macos 10.5.6?
drawing massive amounts of data in nsview, or something else?
visual web developer and multiple sites on the same ftp server
oracle 10 optimizer from rule to cost: why?
does the vs disassembly window show the whole exe?
how to create a lookup column that targets a doc lib and uses the 'name' of the document?
how do i copy my entire working copy between hard drives?
looping variable names
object model permission
describe via database link?
copy always to output directory does not work
hibernate id generator
how to profile methods in dependent assemblies in a unit test instrumentation performance session?
oracle, deleting many records with child tables
using spring pitchfork to have jee complaint code that runs in non-jee container
subversion server vs. network repository access through tortoise
problems reading a .xlsx file?
creating gui application completely in qtscript, what is your opinion?
crystal reports chanes text to lower case.
how do i correct a subversion project where i omitted trunk?
predicting oracle table growth
what does a pipe in a class definition mean?
map url to mysql databases
custom nscontrol target/action howto!
how do i dispose of my own sharedinstance in objective-c?
clean url redirect loop
how can i have subversion keep only the latest verison of a file?
mssql 2005: nullable foreign key constraint
outlineview:datacellfortablecolumn:item: has strange side effect
maskededitvalidator displaymoney doesn't show up in composite control
mod_rewrite runs twice?
use settarget: message of a cell to make the target file's owner
implementing updatepanel manually
nsxmlparser and error constants
unable to launch the asp.net development server because port '1900' is in use.
disabling color correction in quartz 2d
can i use nsurlcredentialstorage for http basic authentication?
what open source cocoa/cocoa touch frameworks are out there?
multiple custom controls that use mousemoved in one window...
how do i use subquery, groupby, max, and top in single linqtosql statement?
svnserve vs mod_dav_svn
how do you transfer the execution of a iqueryable object to a ienumerable ?
why is the intellisense for properties and methods of instantiated datacontext not showing?
what are the long-term effects of reorganising a subversion repository
best practices for passing data between processes in cocoa
convert dataset to iqueryable<t> or ienumerable<t>
best way to handle multiple nstableview(s)
apache capacity planning tool?
how do i add a third party framework to xcode project?
how can i tell if i have uncommitted work in an oracle transaction?
direct access to keyboard events in osx
can i make an apache running on windows case-sensitive?
unable to open repository error on windows xp
hibernate one-to-many unidirectional on an existing db
accent and case insensitive collate equivalent in oracle
assigning text to an array
how to plot large data vectors accurately at all zoom levels in real time?
what cocoa/core foundation helper functions do you wish you knew about 2 years ago?
create a new field and update a content type (and all implementations)
multi-line pl/sql command with .net oraclecommand
which is easier for beginners: rubycocoa or objc/cocoa
moving moss shared service provider
using range values with find
is there a tool to db diff on 'data' for an oracle database?
how to throw an informative exception from accessdecisionmanager that uses voters
how to theme a node differently depending on being inside nodereference
oracle ora-00600
non-sequential range
accessing i/o catalog class objects
invoking wine from apache
how do i use the current date in an hql query with an oracle database?
how to delegate within a crontab to use another file as a crontab? aka crontab in svn/cvs?
porting an application from oracle 9 to oracle 11 - gottchas?
customising an nstextfieldcell depending on the isenabled biding of the table column
update all wcf service references in one click (two clicks would be ok too!)
aside from the addins folder, where (and how) do vs add-ins get deployed?
escaping 'run' command line options in cygwin
yslow still not giving me an a for expires header in apache httpd even though i added them
apacahe name virtual host with ssl
how to order by time and time only in c#??
how do i map a map from an entity to a value with hibernate annotations?
open dot-file with dialogue in osx
how do you explicitly animate a calayer's backgroundcolor?
how can i tell a qtablewidget to end editing a cell?
portalsitemapprovider
why is movie jumpy when i play simultaneously in 2 cocoa views?
nsoutlineview - auto-expand all nodes
oracle command-line tools on linux
unit testing code that uses portalsitemapprovider
organizing classes into namespace in the app_code folder not working as expected.
return background color of selected cell
splistitem.properties datetime fields are in weird hex format
nsnumberformatter: plussign vs. positiveprefix
how do i test if a column equals empty_clob() in oracle?
automating builds from subversion tags
core data vs sqlite3
compatibility of comet with current technology
linqtosql and the  member access not legal on type exception
how can i determine a process' unshared memory size on sunos?
cocoa/iphone: backgroundcolor and opaque properties
slow deletes from table with clob fields in oracle 10g
does partialview do what i think it should (but doesn't)?
how should one start learning web applications development?
expand data into unmerged cells
create an uri for an application
debugging mod_rewrite rules without rewritelog?
mingw spitting countless warnings about ignoring "dll import" attribute
why can wordpress suddenly connect to the mysql database server once i update the host from "localhost" to "mydomain.com" when i have virtualhosts set up in apache?
binding nstextfield to nsnumber
when upgraded wordpress, got an error "fatal error: call to undefined function require_wp_db()" how to fix?
is there a book about using the moss api from an external .net web application?
allow oracle user to connect from one ip address only
how do you create a new site template for my sites?
error while sending mail
how to generate build dependencies after custom build tool has been launched ?
[self arguments] in nsscriptcommand
oracle - how to multiple statements with .net
how do you set a directory to have persistent group permissions?
how to escape extended pathname expansion patterns in quoted expressions?
removing duplicate rows from table in oracle
executing a certain action for all elements in an enumerable<t>
best way to organize a subversion repository of many small projects
is there a easy way to suppress the xml row tags of a collection in oracle?
setting classpath for a java stored procedure in oracle
javascript or php - what is most efficient for updating?
updating asp.net label while processing
understanding lob segments (sys_lob) in oracle?
moss web solution package breaks when moved
oracle 10g express home page is not coming up
how to configure msbuild to do some tasks only on release builds?
does making a primary key in multiple columns generate indexes for all of them?
how to enforce one-and-only-one concurrent logon per user with oracle sso?
what is the best column for storing xml in an oracle database?
how to add "help"-text to a mex-function?
how many temporary extents is my oracle 10g session using?
remember window sizes and placement when unplugging and replugging second monitor.
making hibernate not include fields from joined tables in select clause
dynamic dns on your own server
app pool identity - farm admin
team is going from xp32 to xp64 for .net development - any gotchas?
who has bought the autocompletion for linqpad?
determining and arranging items on lenght  in ienumerable<t>
how to find default crawling account for all shared service providers in moss
two asynchronous nsurlrequests using objective-c for iphone
error: <target>.columnname and <source>.columnname have conflicting properties: datatype property mismatch.
unicode basics on windows
activate range, allow edit, continue
how to develop an after serverror trigger in oracle?
can i send "batched" inserts to oracle?
tips for reducing core animation memory usage
why would you use oracle database?
implementing "scrubby sliders" in cocoa?
spfarm.local.solutions.add - exception - "access denied"
extracting text from an ienumerable<t>
tips for using cvs or subversion as a backup framework for office documents
how good is subversion at storing lots of binary files?
how do i have an icon  displayed when a setup cd is autoplayed in windows.
how do i specify a publisher for the setup.exe when a setup cd is autoplayed in windows.
programmatically creating a moss publishing page
oracle logon protocol (o3logon) in 10g
how to implement gradient button bar in cocoa
jquery form plugin & programmatic submit
is it reasonable to use small blobs in oracle?
why can't i debug?
grouping data with sum
detecting the number of oracle rows updated by a oci ocistmtexecute call
add new group - access denied error
passing and receiving an array from function
jpa and hibernate fetch ignoring associations?
how would i use linq2xml in this scenario?
explanation of cocoa @selector usage.
remove correctly selected nsmanagedobjects
virtual host points to another virtual host - urgent!
line-end agnostic diff?
can you help me center a "ul" element with css?
how to get the path and url of the temp image ?
wss 2.0 - creating spsite with a user token
hiberate: collections of collections
does the clientscriptmanager work when called in a partial postback?
how do you gui-test your cocoa apps?
how do you choose storage engines for oracle?
acegi authentication available in tomcat 404 error handler.
implementing a code freeze with subversion
how to quickly organize functions in source code (c#) to order by alpabetical order?
going transactionless with hibernate
regenerate missing assemblyinfo.cs in vs 2005
nsmanagedobjectcontextobjectswillchangenotification
what's the difference between different mapping types in hibernate?
efficient way to make paging on sql server 2008
recommendations for ajah library
change background of terminal.app from the commandline
observevalueforkeypath:ofobject:change:context: doesn't work properly with arrays
most efficient way to cut/paste in visualstudio
is it possible to observe a readonly property of an object in cocoa?
how can i redirect stderr to stdout, but ignore the original stdout?
how can i reset a cocoa nssearchfield programmatically?
nstreecontroller - malloc double free error
appropriate vs project for multiple .net sites
how can i put $home/opt/git/bin to my path?
apache multiple virtualdocumentroot
oracle client x32 and x64 coexistance
nsstring into nsdata
how do i make/apply a diff patch to this situation ?
redirect all ips except those whitelisted
serve with apache all paths under a domain through one script.
how do you read the oracle transaction log
apache mod_rewrite and php ?argument=something
tortoise subwcrev.exe pre-build event
what are the relative merits of wxhaskell and gtk2hs?
.net: how to retrieve the body of an oracle 9i pl/sql procedure or function
running cocoa app under otest causes dyld_misaligned_stack_error in release mode
how to get sql from hibernate criteria api (*not* for logging)
apache name based virtual hosting
handle osx dock drag n drop
cannot locate 'org.springframework.security.annotation.jsr250methoddefinitionsource'
properly implement a webpart with postback?
what is the best way with apache to redirect a blank subdomain to another subdomain?
creating a quartz composer style interface
create black and white pdf from oracle reports
how to limit user access at database level in hibernate
how thoroughly should one learn languages like c, asm, lisp, haskell?
default radio button not triggering an updatecontrol postback
recording test data in hibernate
fixing warnings from hibernate
what is the best way to retrieve distinct / unique values using spquery?
how to do orm for this situation?
how do you bound an event receiver to a *specific* custom content type?
oracle "partition by" keyword
function or procedure for an in clause
hide nswindowtoolbarbutton
modeless msgbox, error trapping, .find
why would .htaccess fire twice in ie when downloading a protected xls file?
extending the attributes inspector in interface builder
how do i prevent a subversion user accessing part of the repository?
can optimizations affect the ability to debug a vc++ app using its pdb?
oracle: what exactly do quotation marks around the table name do?
does scala's pattern matching violate the open/closed principle?
getting the gui of an app that went poof!
unix commands that support colours
navigation controller strategy with an address book picker
modifying the webparts on a users mysite
hibernate - declariing a transient object in a pojo
inserting into oracle the wrong way - how to deal with it?
what can cause an intermitent ora-12560: tns:protocol adapter error?
uitextfield changing font size via interface builder
git or subversion?
query an xdocument for elements by name at any depth
ehcache / hibernate and rmi replication with large number of entities
can you set vs2008 to break on an error inside a try-catch statement
highlight nstoolbaritems
intermittent problems loading type
objective-c networking - best practices?
is it possible to bind the null placeholder in cocoa?
best setup for code promotion and feature branching in subversion?
apache2 reverse proxy to an end-point that requires basicauth but want to hide this from user
catransform3d vs. cgaffinetransform?
event receiver for document library
turn globed match from case into an array.
is there a way of selecting the contents of a ref cursor as part of a sql select statement?
is there a better way to get sub-sequences where each item matches a predicate?
is there any api for getting the value of usecanonicalname in apache webserver?
linq2xml, why isn't element(), elements() working?
problem with flooding menu?
microsoft .net framework data provider for oracle problem executing scripts
using proxypass for pages but not images
how can i query my subversion repository?
subversion branch/trunk best practice - keeping branch up-to-date?
oracle application server; what role in an organization typically supports the middle tier?
hibernate hql query : how to set a collection as a named parameter of a query?
merging missed changes in subversion
what kind of import capability does primavera support?
moving data from sql server to oracle repeatedly
should i have 1 or many repositories?
optimizing oracle instances
nscolor with calibrated values works differently than regular color??
what's the best three-way merge tool?
wss 2.0 - customizing document library toolbar
convert characters to html entities in cocoa
observing properties with custom accessors
[osx .app] how to reference resources folder in code
using foldl to count number of true values
what's the least painful way to transfer local subversion changes to another machine?
drupal: how to change taxonomy header on page with items?
apache2 isn't serving index.php
apache/php closes connection after short time (12 secs)
ie hanging, using 100% of the cpu
core animation - sheet-like window sliding
sharing php-cgi between apache and nginx
how can you have a xemacs-like-auctex in macvim?
how can i get rid of the resize-handle in a qdialog?
set default values for a global variable in a custom class?
binding two different model-key-paths to the same nsarraycontroller selection
manually finding the size of a block of text
nstimeinterval to readable nsnumber
curve fitting
sessions with clustered instances of oracle application server
what is stream fusion
programmatically add 'input' form
how to create a custom el expression handling regime for jbpm
disable option-enter line breaks in nstextfield?
how do sychronized static methods work in java?
in oracle, is it possible to "insert" a column into a table?
problem with class wizard in vc++ express edition
how to prevent sql injection in oracle sqlplus?
hibernate next/previous sibling mapping
best way to escape characters like newline and double-quote in nsstring
w3schools gives some basic example for web based languages is there any kind of equiverlent for studio basic?
moss farm issue (front end) web application service won't start...
copy/paste not working in modal window
can i get specific metadata from a func<t, object>?
oracle query to get book-name?
odp.net oraclecommandbuilder.deriveparameters for 9i
is apache tomcat built on apache web server platform?
oracle sql: least() returns multiple rows...?
oracle trigger: raise_application_error
wamp - php shell_exec() problem
cocoa nsarray/nsset: -makeobjectsperformselector: vs. fast enumeration
hibernate not respecting mysql auto_increment primary key field
redirecting urls (with specific get parameters)
how to tell apache ignore/block 404 error and redirect to hander page?
vertical line limiter in vs 2008?
attach existing vs.net 2008 instance that's already debugging as jit debugger
casting datetime to oracletimestamptz
adding existing form to c++/cli winforms project
can i end editing for the field editor's control without disrupting focus?
conditional cell contents on grouping status
oracle: pattern for to_char(number) to add additional ascii characters?
subversion: how to nuke a repository?
datetime hex format
feedback framework for cocoa
handling event when approving a document.
replacing trunk with branch in subversion
advice on setting up a server to host source code and other documents...
in oracle spatial (sdo), is there a way to get the centroid point of a polygon that is contained by the surface of the polygon?
how to ignore subversion specific subdirectories during commit
oracle timestamp with timezone named zone vs offset
mod-rewrite has revealed itself
what is the best way to escape non-format characters in oracle's to_char?
inserts are 4x slower if table has lots of record (400k) vs. if it's empty
how to redirect different sub domain requests to different port
what is a simply way to combine groupped values in one field?
using the all operator
debuggerdisplay attribute does not work
tips for manual merge of diverged code
how do i implement iwebpartfield.schema correctly when providing a string field
vs get returned value in c# code ?
can oracle tde protect data from the dba?
what exactly is the point of the scriptmanager's
how do i call an oracle function from oci ?
another shell open when at server?
i want to host my own home web server. i installed apache already but i can't log in other computers
is there a static way to get the httpservletrequest of the current request
how to work with multiple coincident panel controls in vs 2008 windows forms
is there a good, online tutorial for learning intermediate-to-advanced bash programmable completion?
₡urr€nc¥ i$ ki₤₤ing me!
have you ever used nszonemalloc() instead of malloc()?
redirection to different port for different sub domain failed
object reference not set to an instance of object error
how can i use ftp to update my website from a subversion repository ?
caml query not ordering properly
good techniques to use makefiles in visualstudio?
how to remove trailing whitespace in a database column?
tortoisesvn error
how can i add properties to an object in ie6?
hibernate annotations - which is better, field or property access?
xslt hyperlink, seperate the url and descption
ora-01830: date format picture ends before converting entire input string
would you like to continue and run the last successful build?
with apache httpd, how do i configure no caching for a given useragent?
confusion over class resolution in oracle java stored procedures
apache not using mod_rewrite.c
best branching stragetgy when doing continuous integration?
weird apache behavior when trying to display urls without html extension
how to use a procedure parameter in a query
what describes the "file's owner" best in objective-c / coca nib?
at which point in the life of an xmlhttprequest object is serialised xml parsed into a dom?
writing a string to nspasteboard
add webpart to default wss page via feature
why modrewrite applies automatic .php to this simple rules?
how to work-around "object required" error when adding a variable in an atl dialog
what's the smart way to implement orderby / thenby?
traversing multiple core data objects using nspredicate
for loop with non-contiguous range
how to spoof an ethernet mac address of the wired ethernet interface coming with macbookpro and leopard 10.5.6?
how can i access the applicationcontext from within a jax-ws web service?
mod rewrite issue
how do i externalize named queries in a hibernate annotations app?
migrating moss 2007 from sql 2000 to sql 2005 - addendum
hibernate: identifier
what tool do you use for developing and administrating your database?
oracle10 and jdbc: how to make char ignore trailing spaces at comparision?
how do you convert sys_guid() to varchar?
how to display a message on screen without refreshing like so does?
bitwise exclusive or in oracle
enum tables in hibernate/nhibernate
is oracle bc4j still supported?
binding a custom nsview: does it demand creating an ibplugin ?
programmatically access chart source data name
how to call a function with rowtype parameter from a select statement in oracle
javascript not being called
creating site templates from moss publishing sites
select count(*) from multiple tables
subclassing a nstextfield
how do i find a subset of items in two sets of data that partially differ?
specifying the filename of print using a variable
hibernate: load a field from a query , but don't insert it to the table
hibernate hql: two levels of joins
why does cocoa returns an empty string occasionally?
what goes on a webfrontend and what on the application server is sharepont 2007/wss 3.0?
hibernate: is there a way to programatically create new tables that resemble an existing one?
hibernate: difference between session.get and session.load
register as login item with cocoa?
how to make an itunes like (playlists, library) left-sided (collapsible) navigation bar?
in hibernate statistics whats the difference between load and fetch
fastest way to count number of uppercase characters in c#
what is the rationale behind having companion objects in scala?
dynamically set the defaultvalue of a parameterbinding in a dataformwebpart
is it possible to refer to column names via bind variables in oracle?
does subversion 1.5 performance stink?
mod_dav_svn loading error on centos 5
qtexteditor returns quotes(
x11 libaries in osx 10.5?
how to extract leaf nodes from oracle xmltype
how do you access data from your i series in asp.net?
random line break showing up when .load() results display on page
sort | uniq | xargs grep ... where lines contain spaces
setting up kvo for calculated values, based on calculated values.
arrow keys with nstableview
datacontext refresh doesn't invoke propertychanging & propertychanged events
using oracle database migration verifier
how to show a title of  document window without icon?
how can what is the best way to get the hash of a qpixmap?
easily (gui?) creating custom vs project template?
spgridview single datakeyname instead for multiple?
using single quote when building a string in cocoa
how can i cut(1) camelcase words?
developers with vs 2005 and vs 2008 working on the same project(s)
how to make a big query on an asp page for an oracle db
already have msdn with team system test edition, how do i....
permissions error registering assembly
tool to automatically reformat whole c# source tree in vs2008?
301 all 404s to homepage
how to provision a custom page without using the _layouts directory
cocoa color indicator bling?
unmanged x64 assemblies in mixed .net development environment
hibernate fetching strategy - when to use "join" and when to use "select"?
undotbs tablespace is full what now?
are there any diagnostics tools for troubleshooting content delivery with opera mini?
hibernate sql audit logging
redirecting an internal path to a virtual host
how do i tell vs 2008 to stop putting byte-order marks in front of my files?
apache and the c10k.
owa web part jumps/shifts when getting focus on my site
how do you prevent hibernate/oracle from converting strings with only spaces to null?
xml inside an xelement
double click a nstableview row in cocoa?
how can i get an updated $revision$ in my code
how to hide the dock icon
add a blog to an existing webpage.
implementing a cache
mod_rewrite depends on what other modules?
reasonable select ... into oracle solution for case of multiple or no rows
non generic iqueryable enumeration problem
how to put apache website to 503 "temporary down"?
htaccess redirect problem
javascript function doesn't get called - asp.net and updatepanel
cocoa qtkit and recording movies
cocoa without interface builder, initialize an instance of app controller?
add app to the "startup items"
get revision number of a remote repository
how do you read a third-party cocoa project?
how to drag nsstatusitems
cocoa/objective-c nsprocessinfo weirdness...
weird build error, problem with class name?
truncating a table in a stored procedure
zero downtime with hibernate
viewsvn fails to run saying unsupported url
what situations cause oracle packages to become invalid?
how can i ssh directly to a particular directory?
how to keep implementation/maintenance costs low in pro*c?
will creating a new folder break subversion?
how to connect a signal to a slot in a diifferent thread?
qtkit, opening input devices???
extending the content query webpart
unable to move pictures from desktop to a specifig folder
difference between expression.call overloads?
coderush for c# issues
using apache for load balancing routing
unable to scp from my server to my computer
variable quantity columns report
hibernate is calling public methods on the entities after a query, why?
unable to put a .txt -file to the end of another .txt -file
how update oracle heterogeneous services metadata?
how to add several dependent records with linq2sql
uniformly link contents of cells
wss change page layout
using frameworks in a command line tool
dot operator in haskell: need more explanation
my oracle listner to shuts itself down, what could be happening?
getting lazyinitializationexception when trying to integrate hibernate and springmvc for a web app
creating a core data inverse relationship
what is the xdg_session_cookie environment variable for?
can you asyncronously notify a web browser?
what's the best way to store milisseconds in oracle?
what is a referencing outlet?
cross platform development - go with a cross platform ui toolkit or native on multiple platforms?
rewritecond backreferencing %n not working?
oracle: any replacements for dbms_output package?
nsmutablearray count always returns zero
tkprof output: sql*net message from client
excluding page from release build in asp.net project
subversion with 32 bit server and 32/64 bit clients
asp.net webpart > userctrl > clientscript.registerstartupscript not working!?
how to add enviromental variable to vs solution (.sln )
transaction timeout not working on hibernate with oracle
how do i dismiss a sheet with the escape key?
escaped unicode to unicode character in cocoa
oracle stored procedures, sys_refcursor and nhibernate
how to deal with a flaw in system.data.datatableextensions.copytodatatable()
sql not equals & null
how to disable xml dtd validation in oracle db?
adding presence indicator to a custom web part
why does this take so long to compile in vcc 2003?
smoothing formula for charttype = xlxyscattersmoothnomarkers
how do i write storedprocedure sub-classes to call oracle functions?
how do i install apache portable runtime
optimisticlockexception when trying to fetch data from postgresql
xcode crashes on startup
starting packagemaker from spotlight
cfstringref to nsstring
how to check for an index in oracle
setting up a one-time installer using apple's packagemaker
can i specify a hibernate relationship with a filter?
can i add a new folder to a tfs repository server-side without using a local working copy?
oracle sql types over dblink
oracle sys_guid does not change
how to get all matches from regex?
hibernate query runs slow in the system, but fast when run directly.
apache with ssl - how to convert cer to crt certificates?
is there sth like microsoft's technet or msdn subcriptions for apple, too?
problem scripting a html header request with netcat
setting location.hash in frames.
cocoa/opengl coordinate transformations
at what point do you need to be a programmer to work with drupal?
disabling stylecop rules
oracle: how to run a stored procedure "later"
mixing on and using within one join
"cached item was locked" + hibernate
customaction not appearing in listview web part for splist that does not inherit permissions
how to direct to a custom error page?
deleting a lot of data in oracle
same port, but different documentroots
eval is evil... so what should i use instead?
how should i remove all items from an nstableview controlled by nsarraycontroller?
struggling with .tolist() returing an entityset<...>, not an ilist<..>
how to isolate causes of system hang on unix/osx
where do you put cleanup code for nsdocument sub-classes?
nstableview and nsoutlineview drag and drop help
how can i only commit property changes without the client recursively going through everthing?
vssettings
check each pixel for a specific colour (within a certain threshold)
hibernate tutorials
source control alternatives to tortoisesvn for a one man developer, only local usage
cocoa - suggested techniques for debugging binding problems between xcode and interface builder
enviroment variable within variable
where are the clever uses of strict evaluation?
best practices for handling a web service failure
haskell: recursion with array arguments
why use oracle application express for web app?
are these lines an error or info in apache's error log?
oracle converts empty string to null but jpa doesn't update entity cache correspondingly
presenting code on my personal website
how to find a jndi resource inside the hibernatetool ant  task
oracle backup database with sqlplus it's possible?
database history for client usage
oracle connection problem
programatically publishing infopath form as site contenttype (not central admin)
hibernate <generator class="" > when is it best to use what?
how to show relationships between todo-lists?
hibernate: retrieve rows that are not joined
how can i create a gui and react to cocoa events programatically?
when i call preparedstatement.cancel() in a jdbc application, does it actually kill it in an oracle database?
why would a web part fail on constructor the first time it's being added to a page?
vs intellisense: can you hide extension methods?
is there a .net interface to oracle sqlplus?
creating a custom field that requires unique values
running oracle stored procs from c#
making row ranges adjust
setting document library permissions in wss 2.0
linqtosql strange behaviour
using envdte.solution - how to remove source control bindings
how to mix binding (<-) and assignment (let) in one line? (in haskell)
netbean subversion
customizing default.master in wss 3.0
how to hide distributed servers under a single domain?
fastcgi cleanup code does not work under windows
oracle sequence but then in ms sql server
vmware workstation overrides vs2008 hotkeys
oracle deadlock when hibernate application loading data for readonly use
sql to replace smart quotes
tortoisesvn not asking for authentication?
review request and expiry notification emails for scheduled publishing pages
pixel size od nsbitmapimagerep
drupal, or joomla form builder
get the pages of a multipage meeting workspace
problem with large solutions and service factory
hql order by within a collection
how do i detect if an application is document-based?
why do nsstring and nslog appear to handle %c and %lc (and %s and %ls) differently?
how to specify which gdb i can use in xcode on macos
is there a way to specify a super-type sub-type relationship in oracle designer?
can i use resources licenced under the apache public license in my commercial app?
what are the benefits of using oracle designer?
nstextfield with "padding" on the right
cocoa binding to a particular item in an array controller
how do i use haskell's ffi on structs?
setting a header in apache
does oracle have an equivalent of mssql's table variables?
how can i get rid of dynamic sql
what is a "symbolification warning"?
wrap nsbutton title
why isn't my sheet attached to the window it's run for?
references for learning the theory behind pure functional languages such as haskell?
eclipse rcp on osx - how to stop logging to syslog?
haskell: how to pipe the contents of one handle into another in real time.
apache httpd reload
oracle 9i: how can i determine, using metadata, whether or not an index is clustered?
hibernate not reflecting changes
scriptaculous autocompleter problem
run cmd equivalent in osx?
using hibernate criteria, is there a way to escape special characters?
at compilation, "kamran" was determined to be a variable and this variable is uninitialized.  "kamran" is also a function name and previous versions of matlab  would have called the function.
how to import initial data to database with hibernate?
jquery ui or ajaxcontroltoolkit ?
resolving resx references
how to store blobs in drupal?
how to prevent the os x text layout engine from automatically "flipping" lines with right-to-left text?
changing a hibernate many-many mapping based on software license flags
my trigger doesn't work in updatepanel?
what is native web services?
how to see oracle table logs ?
grouping in hibernate - stupid question
using subversion as a standard source control repository for a large development firm
what is the fastest way to load data into a oracle database with .net?
why does -[nstextstorage replacecharactersinrange: withattributedstring:] sometimes, sometimes not honor fonts in other character sets?
how do i consolidate entries from multiple employee blogs into a single rss feed
do i have to duplicate the virtualhost directives for port 80 and 443?
oracle: oall8 is in an inconsistent state
jvm crashes when trying to connect to oracle using oci
a first chance exception
scriptaculous autocompleter is slow
msvcp80.dll not found while using tbb
which delegate method i should use when i cliked on a textfield?
build won't copy system.drawing to output folder.
getting ora oracle error code using php function oci_connect?
how do i get objects in the responder chain to handle `inserttext:` messages?
using an enum as a mapkey results in a raw in the database
how many rewriterules can you have in .htaccess without trouble?
what am i missing from my enironment variables for my linker to fail with lnk1181?
can abybody explain the structure of apache server.......
apache proxy 503 error :*(
apache + ssl error 336027900
oracle vs sql server
stop linq2sql using named pipes?
can pysvn 1.6.3 be made to work with subversion 1.6 under linux?
nstableview sort not getting correct id
can subversion be hosted on amazon's hosted cloud?
subversion update externals to a date
urgent: how to fix this virtual host setup?
which delegate method i should use to respond to clicks on a text field?
nsview with variable number of items inside
haskell: error trying to call putstrln in funciton
backup and recovery scenario
hibernate annotations, autoincrement related
how to serch by categories uisng trip_search
adding a custom member to a mapped type
how to show a splash ui before app run?
2 oracle question
oracle sql*loader getting cdata values...
run multiple commands in one executescalar in oracle
importing selective data using impdp
matlab: why 24.0000 is not equal to 24.0000  ?!!!
how to reach past revisions trough an http client
vbproj / csproj
how to use oracle jdbc driver fixedstring property?
what is the _root_ package in scala?
db index speed vs caching
how do you obtain the maximum possible date in oracle?
pl/sql trigger - dynamically reference :new or :old
is there any way to pass an nsarray to a method that expects a variable number of arguments, such as +stringwithformat:
same rules for multiple directories in apache?
oracle diff: how to compare two tables?
can you add custom t4 templates to the vs2008 "add new item" dialog?
cocoa: [statusitem setview:myview] makes a white bar menu item no matter what
copying a document to another library and incrementing version
how can i get notified of a system time change in my cocoa application?
linqpad feature - does vs do this?
how to add additional headers to 302 redirects in apache?
how do i bring an oracle blob into sql server?
functionality in .profile (login script) versus distributing to other scripts.
making an nstextfield act like a "microwave timer", store as nsnumber
why would i make an all-optional message protocol?
why does asqueryable throw a stackoverflowexception?
string or binary data would be truncated error
oracle empty strings
hibernate: persist an object as a string?
how to get a line number when parsing with qxmldefaulthandler?
in subversion what are best practices to modifying historical files?
gray nstableview à la itunes
how to convert sql server to oracle ?
mysite and profile language
limiting the number of objects in nsarraycontroller
nsmutablearray add object as pointer only?
why does wdiff not work with named pipes
tortoisesvn compatibility mode
logging to the uls log on a wss 3.0 server
apache and mod_mono not playing well together
how do i close an oracleconnection in .net
nsbutton default button with blueish look
web client software factory unit testing big fail
to create an employee directory
can font size be disabled in qfontdialog::getfont()?
hibernate uses initial where clause in subsequent queries
hibernate object vs database physical model
javascript/css/php/mysql to collect user email addresses on a placeholder website.
how do i time a cocoa app?
vs2008 crashes with "fatal execution engine error"
returning multiple columns using case in select satement in oracle
how do i write a custom start page for vs 2008?
vs: automatic "argumentnull' check ?
moss alternate access mappings
treat '0',"-1" as null
in cocoa/interface builder, how to clear text in textfield after button click
code in nstimer prevents automatic sleep
manipulating hibernate 2nd level cache
integrate nsstepper with nstextfield
oracle: program not forking correctly in select case statement on a date
what does ialertnotifyhandler's onnotification() return value do?
cocoa: measure time between keypresses?
rewritemap activation
why the splash window can’t show before the app lunch?
looking for good tool to convert oracle - sql server
client tools for oracle?
how do i schedule a process' termination?
how can i connect an oracle data base with a dbml file?
windows service in .net cannot see tns names
osx & windows development -- for newbies
objective-c asynchronous web request with cookies
cannot update document property on itemadded event when using vista
how do you work on oracle packages in a collaborative, version-controlled environment?
any bad experiences with xp-dev.com?
how to do an http get in cocoa on the iphone
why does oracle think i'm missing a right parenthesis?
is an nsmutablestring in this case more efficient than nsstring?
how can a cell's background color be set other than the obvious cell shading property?
ignore read-only class properties when using datacontext.executequery<t>
working out which cell vlookup refers to
hibernate: mapping one-way redundant columns
cocoa memory editing inspection
converting xll addin functionality to a native vb module : problem refreshing formulae
alternative to binaries in subversion
attaching an identifier to an oracle session
multi-dimension any()
problem using @secondarytable in hiberante
can moss 2007 integrate with multiple ldap/ad stores?
apache: how to limit virtual dir to local network
edit .doc in word via custom document library dispform.aspx
how should i set up external resources in my project?
what is the most elegant way to encode/decode an object to dictionary
where can i go for hands-on cocoa training besides wdc?
oracle documentation generation tool.
does anyone have experience with national instruments cvi and source control?
apache/nginx fine grained (per file) permissions?
hibernate: threadlocalsessioncontext: already session bound on call to bind()
why is this type variable ambiguous?
hibernate + annotations + validator: length constraint inside embeddedid ignored by hbm2ddl
synchronize home directories from multiple clients to a server
allow request coming from specific ip only
visualstudio immediate window command for clear all
initializing js components at the end of html or on "onload"?
determining oracle database instance
automatically find the revisions to merge in subclipse
ugly looking text when drawing nsattributedstring in cgcontext
dynamic ui styling/theming
strange oracle problem
how do i stop resharper from inserting "object" when i type "new {"
how do i create cocoa interfaces without interface builder?
make visualstudio c# have files/folders outside of the project directory.
does anyone use betterauthorizationsample?
changing search-dirs for $ sudo gcc
determine if nsnumber is nan
issues setting up a reverse proxy in apache
visual c++ error c2143: syntax error: missing ')' before 'constant'
forcing reading of a text field before dismissing modal dialog in cocoa
recoverable class fbd error(s)
oracle 10g - optomize where is not null
what's an occi context and environment?
how to avoid stale mysql/hibernate connections (mysqlnontransientconnectionexception)
project (bin) folder path at compile time?
is there a way to make oracle recalculate a query plan for each query invocation?
setting up a proxy with authentication
another question about iphone application state
best route to creating a calendar based date picker for cocoa?
force redirect to ssl for all pages apart from one
how do i stop search engines indexing a maintenance page
finding correlated values from second table without resorting to pl/sql
what's so great about scala?
transactionscope, linq and strange transaction manager issue (hresult: 0x8004d024)
plsql custom numeric format
vsewss problems when creating a new base class which inherits from spitemeventreceiver
is there a way to use vs with a remote site accessible only by sftp?
how should i specify the type of json-like unstructured data in scala?
sql: counting number of occurances over multiple columns in oracle
has anyone successfully re-created the ecb menu on the data form web part?
programatically add module to xls 2003 using vbscript
how to add external library to the classpath in scala's interpreter?
how to find where apache's httpd.exe is installed?
custom color settings in vs.net editor for current line when in debug mode
help with osspinlock* usage to replace a while(true) {sleep(1);}
do ddl statements always give you an implicit commit, or can you get an implicit rollback?
hibernate, c3p0, mysql -- broken pipe
how to disable the "auto format" feature of visualstudio2008 editor?
how to get all tables that have fks to another table?
cocoa api comments guideline
strange javascript form behaviour.
change cursor in gl fullscreen on osx using cocoa?
request for several responses
validation drop down on a condition
does linq and projects like i4o make object oriented dbs a viable alternateive to relational dbs?
breakpoints not being hit
jquery can't access original jquery objects from new div on ajx load event
nargin vs exist
select a random sample of results from an oracle query
corrupted http headers on apache/weblogic 9.2
moss 2007 search center. altering scope of a search
vs2008 solution template
is there an oracle sql tool that builds insert statements from a result set?
how to batch delete using bulkupdate
highlight colors in an nstablecolumn on highlight
how to get curl to save to a different directory?
when are two columns that look the same not the same in oracle?
strange behaviour when accessing oracle 8i table from servlet
nspopupbutton, bindings and a shortening lifespan
how to update a database schema without losing your data with hibernate?
why am i getting tree conflicts in subversion?
capturing title change event on spweb
is it possible to customize the colors of rockscroll's variable syntax highlighting?
linqtosql - multiple subqueries creates many roundtrips
is there a realtime apache/php console similar to webrick or mongrel with ruby on rails?
c++/cli: linker gives "resolved token" for win32 function
hibernate/mysql connection pooling
move nice menus to just below the title
cannot find xml path error
pattern matching a string as seq[char]
why does the empty string not match as seq.empty?
assigning random colors per session, for chat
what is the minimum amount of tweaking needed to get qclipboard::settext() to work under x11?
how do i write the qualified name of a symbol in haskell?
getting started with oracle application development
objective c makes integer from pointer without a cast passing objects as args
open external browser from qwebview
read anonymous type from dataitem
retrieve value of an xml element in oracle pl sql
cocoa screen capturing?
is scala.net production ready?
hibernate: how declare foreign key without having to code association methods in the domain object?
oracle merge partition from procedure giving error
how to reuse dynamic columns in an oracle sql statement?
which functional programming language should i use?
strange site collection accessor exception
need help on setting web service proxy dynamically without build?
how to disable the quit func under the mutildocument environment ?
how to add these object with name to the array by this order?
how do you build a debug .exe (msvcrtd.lib) against a release built lib (msvcrt.lib)?
apache mod_deflate based on url parameters
how do i compare the number of lines of code in one version of a project to another?
stomp and json
how to do conditional compilation in haskell?
how do we keep track of our working copy's branch?
how can i set up a network 'reference directory/folder' with subversion?
subversion: retract accidental checkin
should a apache server extension be created or create a server from scratch?
oracle in-line method to produce csv for relation
using cocoa to detect when a running application plays audio
is the nsdocumentdirectory unique for a given application?
how do i use gdbmacros.cpp in qtcreator?
storing a passwords in nsstring without being readable in memory
need help choosing a framework for bilingual site
how do you check for sanity in objective-c and cocoa?
ref cursor versus table function in oracle
saxon.net xslt 2.0 processor
switching from tomcat to glassfish
direct "puts" in rails, to apache log
possible to include mono runtimes in osx .app bundle?
composite key with hibernate
hibernate: update to sum from other table
webpart security
why can't an oracle xmltype be sent over a dblink?
oracle: how to enable flashback "as of" queries for all developers?
unlock cell on a condition from adjacent cell
what supposed to be the signature of my extension-methods
using a constant nsstring as the key for nsuserdefaults
qtableview selected element in pyqt4
mergeing across branches in subversion isn't adding all the new files. why not?
what is the best way to implement syntax highlighting of source code in cocoa?
settimeout not working in javascript
servercontext.current is null
apache rewrite rule
how do i make/develop hibernate caching?
defining collections with variables
i wan't to delete all bin and obj folders to force all projects to rebuild everything
exporting an spgridview to a document
retrieving a curent and most recent previous value (oracle)
why would a database trigger be invalid in an oracle db?
oracle - oci query timeout
what is the maximum length of a table name in oracle?
when is a cgbitmapcontext not a bitmapcontext?
configuring subdomains on an apache server
qtreeview stylesheet customization problem with scrollbar
a project with output type of class library cannot be started directly - with a startup exe
what is tab #13119 on  my vs 2008 toolbox?
limiting a script from sending alerts
hibernate polymorphism: instantiating the right class
producing ccitt compressed tiff from cgimage
virtualhost for wildcard subdomain and static subdomain
how to make subversion (or any program) perform periodic commits?
rewrite url from http://example.com/blog/ to http://blog.example.com/
updating the version number of all assemblies in a solution
workflow that knows which fields were changed
format code from ide ( vs2008)
is it possible to format a numberfield in a page layout?
how do i add additional languages to the sla.r i use with my .dmg?
how to programatically add an object to a bound nsmutablearray?
apache proxypass: how to preserve original ip address
why does my qt4.5 app open a console window under windows?
moss 2007 server hanging problem - appdomainunloadlistener.registerself() & publishinghttpmodule.init()
branching a subversion repository into a distributed cms
things to watch out for in moving from oracle express to the real deal?
how come sqlplus not connecting?
no currentsessioncontext configured
should i use tnsnames.ora or tnsnames.ora?
proper way to set oracle_home?
how do you use telnet to check a connection to oracle?
how to automatically convert vs2003 classes to partial designer.cs files?
what's the best way to draw a bunch of (~200) colored rectangles in cocoa?
getting notified when the current application changes in cococa
how to stop an nsinvocationoperation?
how do you flip the coordinate system of an nsview?
focus a nstextfield
installing oracle instantclient on linux without setting environment variables?
oracle: what is the "instantclient" connection string format?
hibernate 2nd lvl cache
can nsalert be used to create a floating window?
defining a seemingly simple foldable instance
hibernate status
set user setting at the top right corner ( drupal)
support for long running operations using the moss publishing infrastructure
ora-01654: unable to extend index
jpox jdo and castor jdo compared to hibernate persistence
change text cursor (caret) colour in cocoa?
what's the accepted way to implement export functionality in a document-based cocoa app?
show editors for all cells in row in qtableview
c++ for loop vs foreach
one executable that starts as gui application or console application based on command line in vs2005
running python code from standard cocoa application
counta behavior in countifs
oracle / python  converting to string -> hex (for raw column) -> varchar2
kvo and bindings problems using my own (not the shared) nsuserdefaults object
need good scheme/workflow for managing database objects using subversion
hibernat sesson problem new
apace mod_rewrite redirect to internal server
jquery is adding servlet name twice to url
is it possible to know from which package a procedure has been called ?
cvs2svn fails with "xxx is not a valid ,v file"
unable to have a tab completion of system variables without a backward flash
why cannot this.type be used for new instances
passing a anonymous type to function.
what's the fuss about haskell?
apache and mod_rewrite: redirect domain to subdirectory
how to connect to oracle from far computer in lan ?
shift operators in pl/sql
best way to prevent changes on a branch with subversion
using subversion trunk as documenroot
how can "modified by" be changed when using runwithelevatedprivileges?
how to enable command line switches?
subversion: generate a full diff from every checkin that includes username
use resourcereader to create a hybriddictionary of resources.
subversion commit failed merge of file: 200 ok
when did oracle start supporting "top": select top ? p2_.product_id from product?
how would you make a checkbox delete a row in a table if checked (cocoa) ?
error while loading fastcgi module in apache 2.2
copying multiple worksheets simultaneously to preserve chart references
run a php app using tomcat?
a gentler introduction to functional programming
what data type do i use for an integer in soap xml in cocoa?
maximum length of [nsxmlnode stringvalue]
what are some example use cases for symbol literals in scala?
hibernate dao desugin
hibernate: lazy-loading doesn't work on one-to-many mapping on set
why would an oracle synonym return a different number of rows to the underlying table?
how to signal an nsstreameventendencountered on an nsinputstream reading from nsmutabledata.
hibernate dao
oracle proc ora-12547
hibernate lazy initilization problem
cocoa: learn currently selected keyboard layout / input language
help on version-control for legacy code.
why should i have a version control system if i use time machine?
hibernate - @manytomany with additional fields in mapping entity
apache rewrite certain urls to seperate part of codebase
genealogy query in oracle
what does the subversion error "could not read status line" mean?
infoshare: encrypted source code partition for macos x
efficient alternative to outer join
how can i configure hibernate to use context-specific connection information?
how do i get rid of the dots!
how wp-o-matic works and how to do the same using asp.net?
core animation... cyclic animations?
hibernate lazy solution. is it right??
update submitchanges() - does not update.
hibernate hbm2hbmxml
any good c# code generator for using oracle stored procedures?
ora-08177: can't serialize access for this transaction
asp.net mvc development tool
apache 2.2 ignoring virtualdocumentroot virtualhosts?
how to sketch a polygon in a matrix or binary image in order to use image processing functions?
running masterpages from the layouts directory
listtemplateowner
oracle pl/sql: loop over trigger columns dynamically
how do i decipher the select method docs on msdn?
nsrequest - encode url for nsrequest post body (iphone objectiive-c)
jpa hibernate one-to-one relationship
apache resource usage
automatically sorting on insert in qtreewidget
sqlldr corrupts my primary key after the first commit
cocoa : how to make a control invisible?
setting a charset symbol in dylib
scala: is there a way to use priorityqueue like i would in java?
how do i watch a serial port with qsocketnotifier (linux)?
why does the dialog i created in leopard look terrible in tiger?
issue with trying to login to a https secure using apache commons httpclient class
oracledependency not firing event
get max date using caml query from alist
apache rewrite rules redux
ling select with two tables
how hard is it to get a cocoa application to run on windows?
how do i restore apache and php to leopard defaults?
relational databases and oo languages
using svnserve to host subversion server, configuration files, etc.
unable to start subversion using launchctl
how to export a image to a folder?
what does cgcolorgetcomponents() return?
is ghc able to tail-call optimize io actions?
c# 2008 express: project type (.csproj) is not supported by this version of the application.
unable to cast object of type 'system.data.linq.dataquery`1[system.int32]' to type 'system.iconvertible'.
is there a way to make drawtext() update a qpicture's bounding rect?
need help on apache htaccess redirect rule
force an iqueryable to execute?
browser compatibility between ie6 and ie7
combine two counting queries into one boolean query
oracle datafiles on a network share
unable to understand a line in .bashrc
get the entity previous  version in hibernate envers
use oracle 6 from asp.net application
does an orm integrate with existing applications or do i not understand?
using subversion for web applications
discrepancies between “mock” database and “real” database behaviours.
why doesn't oracle allow consecutive newline characters in commands?
how to load java stored procedure through jdbc into oracle 10g?
dataview component in spd attaches needless strings to field values.
simple inter-proccess communication in qt4
vstemplate with build action
hibernate with relations
apache response time
flowchart app for osx?
how can i create a hibernate collection that will be re-read every time i request it?
how to create an oracle sequence starting with max value from a table?
configure apache to use python just like cgi php
is a good idea to put all projects in the same trunk?
apache rewrite rule forces download
using mercurial locally only with subversion server
hibernate doesn't save and doesn't throw exceptions !?!
unable to have tty switch for ctrl-alt f1 and alt-f1...f6 in mac
getting rid of the focus rect on an nscell. only shows up when right clicking.
vertical scrollbar scrollup-scrolldown images look jagged on qtopia machine
binding nsslider to control the zoom of an ikimagebrowserview
asyncsocket vs nsstream
oracle ref cursor vs select into with exception handling
how to dump (print) an osdictionary to the console / log?
removing .htaccess authentication restrictions
using hibernate hbm2ddl.auto=update : how can i alter column not to require value anymore?
how to maintain slightly different software?
is there a statement to prepend an element t to a ienumerable<t>.
unable to enable jquery ui module in drupal??
what is the limit of source repositories in visual source safe 2005
cocoa development: malloc: free_garbage: garbage ptr = 0x18a15e0, has non-zero refcount = 1 error
magic  apache redirecting for /~username
configure apache for system passwords?
cannot get started with mod_rewrite
oracle works better with windows or linux? give your answer based on your experience.
debugging sometimes very slow
where to start with fastcgi and c++
piping data on windows command prompt
custom field not show
optimization settings in vs
does apache basic authentication defend brute force attacks?
should i add compiled dlls to my subversion repository?
add solution folder for vs 2008?
subversion cross-file keyword substitution
put links at the end of a page ( drupal)
displaying code sections with a different background color?
configuring subversion to use system users/passwords
override visual syntax highlighting through a plug-in?
mod_rewrite or mod_alias ?
delete a web that doesn't exist.
what does the letter on the oracle release mean?
"svnlook changed" encoding
save documents as folders, like pages, numbers, etc...
myeclipse hibernate does not order property sets by id?
oracle: sequence mysequence.currval is not yet defined in this session
multiplying multiple cells by a number
basic apache server, mapping 127.0.0.1, to 10.0.0.7:8000
what is the easiest way to create a overview 'outline' of  the most important sections  of an app  in vs 2005 (vb.net) ?
getting a cgimageref from ikimagebrowserview
hibernate deletion
hibernate result ordering
hibernate sorting
oracle sys_connect_by_path hitting 4000 character limit
hibernate @version field error
hibernate deletion problem please help urgent
load the result of an egrep inside a editor (vim/emacs/gedit)
need for tool for video processing
how to determine collection changes in a hibernate postupdateeventlistener?
how to generate a dsa signature?
is there a windows equivalent of edquot?
creating a quick look style zooming effect
maxvalue partition name
how can i launch a script from the macos x dock?
what's the simplest way to count the number of requests to /foo/ that apache has served?
too many time_wait connections
apache shutting down unexpectedly
can you configure mod_proxy as a reverse proxy cache?
subversion
can i add object field to spitem, to attach some kind of object to item?
how do you make the application window open when the dock icon is clicked?
inserting an array within an object construction, constructed based on a query
find string in httpxml.responsetext
how do you make your app open at login?
wait until qwidget closes
disable nstoolbar customisation via window's toolbar button?
how to move the cursor of a qtmovie?
how do you get search capability similar to spotlight or itunes?
lsuielement application that starts a window with an application menu?
how to make part of an nsslider stop at tick marks?
is there an open-source sql database that has the concept of oracle's "rowid" pseudo-column?
can phonon be used for capture or transcoding?
oracle9i querries
duplicate rows in oracle
how do you change the look of a check box?
how can i add a hover class to an element?
need help to solve window opening problem.
preferences window problem (once open and closed, will not open again)
setting color when drawing into a nsimage
subversion - how to commit change?
how do you test an asynchronous method?
get parent web not top level
include externals in subversion diff
after setting up the svnserve server, what url will the client use to access the server?
what should i replace this code with?
how to test that test if a path is (or isn't) writable without writing nothing in it.
open source client for oracle?
concurrent sum
flipping quicktime preview & capture
best place for index call when using hibernate
risk of using apache mod_proxy
which projects do you include in your solutions
is it possible to use cocoa's bindings to have an editable nstableview hooked up to an nsmutablearray?
how do you make a button link to a website in cocoa?
new project or bransh?
mod rewrite / clean urls problem
how do you set a title so that every row in a table has the title already typed in when you add a new row?
how do you make a text label display how many rows there are in the table.
how to create a hibernate idbag with a collection-id that has a default value?
how do i use an nsformatter subclass with an nspopupbutton
how to gain access to all  open windows on desktop using cocoa?
what's the best way to examine apache's access.log files?
why can't i correctly parse this date string with nsdateformatter?
reorganizing a subversion repository with branches
is it possible to set a module's checkbox to "readonly"?
cocoa -/+ declarations
replacing cmnewprofilesearch with non-deprecated, 64-bit code
hide a window in cocoa from awakefromnib
sys.debug messages not appearing in vs debugger output window
how can i move the cursor in insert mode in viemu (w/o using the arrow keys)?
how do you make a menu bar item display how many rows there are in a table?
using %type on a record field in pl/sql
filter people picker
this seems awfully repetitious for scala...
upgrading to vs 2008 professional from web developer edition
user profile import - more than on search base
is there a way to peek inside of another oracle session?
how to set up virtual hosts on apache 2.2
oracle date formatting "2009-02-13t11:46:40+00:00"
neural network xor backpropagation info needed.
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/643853/customaction-not-appearing-in-listview-web-part-for-splist-that-does-not-inherit
cocoa control for setting shorcuts
cocoa control for keywords/tags
problem with textbox inside updatepanel - not causing ontextchanged event
interoperation between mercurial and subversion
how can i estimate the size of an oracle index?
get a random row with linqtosql
what's wrong with this gmail contact importer script for drupal?
what is causing my custom contenttype feature to throw a "value does not fall within the expected range" error?
how should i return an nserror object from a delegate method?
how can i grab a section of a logfile between 2 timestamps?
programmatic equivalent of "visible at launch" for nswindows
are oracle stored procedures faster than in line sql for a microsoft.net application ?
workflow with user selecting destination doc library
how do i get textual contents from blob in oracle sql
how to performance tune when you have heavy concurrency on an oracle table
why does dbms_mview.refresh have an implicit commit?
what are microsoft's public symbol servers useful for?
how accurate is oracle's explain plan?
oracle xe or mysql , which one i should choice?
is it possible to use vs2008 built libraries from a vs2003 solution?
oracle trigger permissions
what are  current_user_can () function parameters ?
is there any way to perform pre-/post-switch commands using tortoisesvn?
how do i set x-ua-compatible header to ie=emulateie7 for ie 8 browsers using apache 2.0?
how to create a stored procedure in oracle which accepts array of parameters
ie not updating display after callpback pane updates the dom
which method of checking to see if a nsdictionary contains a particular key is faster?
performance of oracle .net drivers
where to find prebuilt binaries for subversion 1.6 for ubuntu (or debian)?
persist and rearrange the order of core data records
import date format mmddyyyy
why is there a discrepancy between activerecord sql and pl/sql developer sql?
sql: delete all the data from all available tables
datacontext.createdatabase attribute problem
minimal "task queue" with stock linux tools to leverage multicore cpu
animation with qtimeline
connecting to oracle with 32 bit apps running on vista 64 bit
are merges in subversion more difficult than in team foundation system?
is it recommended to always have exhaustive pattern matches in haskell, even for "impossible" cases?
sub query where x in (from... ?
send an action cocoa - ibaction
subversion ignore classes directory after its been added (and linked to src directory)
apache <locationmatch> regex field
vs2008 express editions and resources
logging of development email
trouble stopping tomcat due to apparent threading issue..
string;# in dropdownlist
hibernate versioning issuing update statment for no reason
getlistitems webservice ignores my query filter
how do you implement the method makekeyandorderfront: ?
why is app window only opening once and then not opening again?
how to do a full text search in cocoa?
enable anonymous access (svnserv)
imultipleresults: how do i deal with multiple result sets from a stored proc when they don't map to types?
finding the days of the week within a date range using oracle sql
oracle query tuning (duplicate table access)
.htaccess and seo-friendly urls
can i have a deferrable unique functional index in oracle?
apache mod rewrite simple redirect
is there an easy way to customize a qprogressbar?
my nsdateformatter works only in the iphone simulator
ora-27101: shared memory realm does not exist in oracle 9
how to migrate from a complicated subversion repository to a distributed version control system?
strategies/tools for building training website
generic-like behavior in pl/sql procedure parameters
oracle - how to create date from an already existing date
static methods vs repository pattern with linq2sql
how can i set the application information on a session using the oracle thin jdbc driver?
how do i get the 'size' of document stored in an oracle blob column in a readable form using sql?
oracle, calling pl/sql issues from within sql-plus file x.sql says my_function "may not be a function"
cocoa: what nstextview the insertion point is currently blinking in?
slow selection in qtreeview, why?
hibernate one to zero or one mapping
how do i determine the maximum and minimum value for an oracle number column?
[nsview setframe:] not working?
how do you combine filter conditions
cant find the error in this php piece of code
how to get the token type from a cfstringtokenizer in cocoa?
cocoa notification example
printing document path with ssi
how do you give a text field a default font and some padding?
how to insert record in join table of many to many  hibernate annotation
problem when retrieve data from hibernate many to many relationship
how do you toggle the status icon in the menubar on and off using a checkbox?
cocoa nsview changing autosizing properties
initialize nsmutablearray: [nsmutablearray array];
[super viewdidload] convention
how do i create two mutual producer/consumers with internal state in haskell?
move focus to newly added record in an nstableview
how do i dynamically create an expression<func<myclass, bool>> predicate?
how would you make a status item's title be an image not text?
oracle sequences
what in the best exel book for non-programmers?
how to use > in an xargs command?
adding non-model nodes to an nstreecontroller
tricky brace expansion in shell
how do i change hibernate logging level
how to add windows mobile 6.1 image to vs 2008 device emulator manager ?
apache - authorising a user in multiple groups
rewrite rule-- if incoming request is not consist of certain characters then rewrite to other url
script-file vs command-line: problem with rsync and --exclude
override splist.writesecurity behaviour?
how do i get the inner/client size of a nsview subclass?
subversion sub-repository
what does the "onet" in onet.xml stand for?
how do you put a normal control into an nsview?
one-to-many mapping // how to map an association of legacy tables (hibernate)
how do i create a map with a type parameter of class
nstextview not refreshed properly on scrolling
finging the upper left corner in a quartz plugin
property declaration for to-many fields in core data
i can do http://bookroom and smb://bookroom... to test my local site or use shared resources.  anything i don't know yet?
key value observing in cocoa, introspecting the change property
do cocoa nssortdescriptors belong in the model or the controller?
open source card games or books for objective-c/cocoa?
use an object after it has been released?
cocoa autoreleasing in loops
can someone explain these errors to me?
create hibernate collection on two columns
what are the best practices for permissions on a publishing site within moss 2007 standard?
how to disable the up/down buttons within the qdoublespinbox
for qdoublespinbox, can i give an range 0.0<min<max<1.0. if yes how do i get the step buttons to work with it
how would you add a group feature like ichat's to your core data app?
populate an nstokenfield with tokens from a container of objects
oracle - select and delete in a procedure
oracle triggers error are not captured while using adodb
oracle moving / transferring schemas from one server to another
what is the bullet-proof way to specify the easy connect string for oracle?
how will adding datasources to datdgrids in my development version of an asp.net web application affect deployment?
delegate methods of nstextfield using nsnotification
what are stackable modifications?
hibernate: mapping 3 tables
video streaming woes
how to connect a windows client to an osx server with afp
hibernate/nhibernate : how to persist subclass as instance of superclass
parse csv (comma separated values) in oracle
how do i convert cocoa co-ords from top left == origin to bottom left == origin
jpa map<string,string> mapping
please recommand some book on oracle and apex
what does the subversion status symbol "~" mean?
table join efficiency question
install vs 2008 prof.
sql to search objects, including stored procedures, in oracle.
how can my app detect a change to another app's window?
getting sed to replace text with argument
nesting apache tiles template
using predicates on an array controller to filter related objects
how can i optimally update a single property in an object using hibernate?
vs 2005 toolbox messed up
how to valid that some template does *not* compile for given argument types?
what is the best way to format a string in scala?
oracle/sql: why does query "select * from records where rownum >= 5 and rownum <= 10" - return zero rows
jdbc connection to oracle clustered
is it possible to create a uitabbarcontroller whose tabbar items have text labels only (no icons)
oracle deadlock detection tool
oracle export: ora-31600: invalid input value emit_schema for parameter name in function set_transform_param
document is not updated after check in form word
converting a string to an integer in oracle
apache .htaccess password protect with relative path
can i create a custom web-level site definition for use in a publishing portal site collection?
accessing value from expression
com.apple.dont_steal_mac_os_x
hibernate l2 caching and many-to-many relationships
trying to get generic when generic is not available.
prevent oracle minus statement from removing duplicates
onquicklaunch is ignored
osx equivalent of shellexecute?
run oracle update statements in a batch mode
using semicolons in oracle sql statements
understanding the results of execute explain plan in oracle sql developer
oracle - dynamic column name in select statement
is it possible to have version-independent dll references in a class?
cocoa foundation kit question - nsdecimalnumberby...:withbehavior:
updating the image of a nsstatusitem
how can i have more than a ui for a qmainwindow?
installing oracle 10 odp.net on microsoft windows 2008 server 64bit
obtaining an object state
ie hungs when more than 4 async requests are triggered with xmlhttprequest object
delete all files/directories except two specific directories
putting values in error.getmodel in onbindandvalidate
replace (translate) one char to many
please explain what an outlook add-in is
is it possible to return ienumerable of anonymous objects from datacontext.executequery?
open string in app per drag'n'drop on icon
problems using window.opener
cross-platform objective-c / c++ development
how can i make an undecorated window in cocoa?
when programatically creating a dsn for an oracle database how can i reliably tell the driver name?
under what circumstances would [[nsscreen mainscreen] visibleframe] return null?
program version using the database?
is there an easy way of sorting a plist (array of dictionaries) by key value?
how to wrapp an oracle stored procedure in a function that gets executed by a standard select query?
best solution for java web based forms connected to oracle plus jni?
in javascript, how can i uniquely identify one browser window from another which are under the same sessionid
oracle - how to grant to a user the rights to another user's objects
oracle objects and collections
call another program's functions?
offsite backup from a timemachine capsule
describe query with oracle (.net connector)
preserve ls colouring after grep'ing
setting up a code repository for a small web development company
qabstractitemmodel.parent(), why?
unable to open the web site: http://.. forbidden
trac vs fogbugz
oracle - how to have an out ref cursor parameter in a stored procedure?
how do i find the pixel position of a character in an nstextview?
how to enable mod_rewrite for apache 2.2
copying data between oracle schemas using sql
why ssh fails from crontab but succedes when executed from a command line?
replace author url with different one
read input from a cocoa/foundation tool console?
hibernate order by association
ora-01031: insufficient privileges creating jms connection to oracle topic
releasing core framework object references
scripting out oracle objects
changing a column in oracle that has a foreign key constraint
iqueryable  where extention method with  or's
how do i create a nice -description method that nests recusively like nsarray
why have "while(1);" in xmlhttprequest response?
can vs_version_info be added to non-exe files?
how to create a vcproj with qmake such that it contains customized filters?
c++ class - increment and decrement attribute every n milliseconds
core animation code structure/conventions
how to automatically  sort splistitems based on a field
how do i alter request parameters before posting xhr action in ruby on rails?
do you have to have sql server installed on a machine if the connection string using is a path to a .mdf file?
cocoa why do i have to retain and release a function parameter?
what does the "generate validation methods" checkbox in the managed object class generation dialog do?
how to controll the webview in the scrollview with the scrollview's controller?
best way to post nsnotification with nsrect info?
how do i write an .htaccess rewrite rule to convert query strings into segmented uris?
apache ignores sslrequire directive
should subversion branches that are reintegrate-merged to trunk be deleted?
enable mod_deflate to send content-encoding: gzip
transactiontimeout with oracle 11g
reflectedschemas folder in the user's appdata folder (visual studio)
when using @transactional do i need to use jpatemplate/hibernatetemplate ?
using mod_rails to host multiple apps under ssl, same domain
haskell: creating type classes for zippers
cocoa framework issue
mixing rewriterule and proxypass in apache
how can i check out just the trunks of multiple projects from the same repository.
oracle/plsql performance
subversion "label" like sourcesafe
manual initialization of required hibernate database tables
qtcreator's integrated form editor won't load custom widget plugins (designer does)
difference between a user and a schema in oracle?
what are the valid values of the searchboxex appqueryterms enum?
apple event handler failure (python/appscript)
cocreateinstance without an addref()?
having a cgi script catch all requests to a domain with apache.
comparing strings in cocoa
problem connecting to oracle database via asp.net page under iis
oracle connection and nls_lang
subversion repository statistics, other than statsvn?
hibernate "preinsertevent.getsource()" nosuchmethoderror.
on which os should i try the vs2010 beta1? which emulator is faster?
get ip address of arriving data package
can i write to the test results window "error message" field without failing a test?
uiwebview slow loading images--disturbs scrolling to anchors
how can oracle user profiles be put to practical use?
how do i fix an oracle table/index row count mismatch
apple documentation a bit lite?  tips?
inserting multiple rows into oracle
subversion - how to move some changesets from trunk to a branch?
use svnant without a username or password
generating member for labels:  any reason i should?
subversion tagging and security
can mod_rewrite convert any number of parameters with any names?
data logging with oracle (or any rdbms)
why does running this query with execute immediate cause it to fail?
print trailing zeros in a qstring
how to get the system version?
what is .net framework ?
how to get value form 2nd table with out join in hibernate
performance of oracle's dbms_crypto.hash function for sha-1
oracle form builder: switching between tabs in a form
count rows until the sum value of the rows is greater than a value
strange css/apache problem
how would you optimize the
will hibernate update the database when a persistence instance has been set but not changed?
issus deleting a site collection
updating webpart properties using runwithelevatedprivileges in moss 2007
detached objects in jdo/hibernate - what are they for anyway?
how could i use the qcolordialog widget inside another widget not as a separate dialog?
how to cancel a long-running database operation?
coming from the windows world..how are applications installed in osx?
registration for cocoa shareware
oracle query to get data from table inserted in last 10 mins.
obstructed folders in subversion
springdoclet usage?
interceptor's getentityname is not used. bug in hibernate?
abort a pl/sql program
nsstring to wchar_t*?
oracle stored procedure out parameters
execute spdatasource query in console app?
oracle subselect with dynamic table and column
protect plesk login page from search engine eyes
override interface builder instantiation of objects?
too many columns in a single database table?
oracle hierarchical query: how to include top-level parent
how do i extract the angle of rotation from a qtransform?
oracle resource manager plan design
oracle forms/applications in internet explorer 8 using jinitator
if you use https will your url params will be safe from sniffing?
idiomatic, classy, open-source examples of cocoa interfaces?
understanding jasperreports and jrbeancollectiondatasource...
custom field type derived from spfieldcalculated
hibernate query for entity based on whether related entity property is null?
is there an easy way to convert http_accept_language to oracle nls_lang settings?
oracle cursor running through the last item twice
archive log transfer from oracle 9i to oracle 10g
is it possible to have a binding that combines more than one key path?
extracting time zone from oracle jdbc timezonetz object
apache is not sending 304 response, if mod_deflate and addoutputfilterbytype is enabled
create editable new rows to a table
what is the best way to pull data out of the hibernate layer and into another tier?
redirecting apache by geo/country ip
hibernate in glassfish - ejb3configuration noclassdeffounderror
hibernate calls flush on find- causes not-null error
oracle sqlplus command line question
query long raw data type
default row ordering for select query in oracle
how to pipe a command result to a -<character><argument> option? (without spaces)
how can i really get subversion to ignore a directory?
erase safari cookies from terminal
cocoa - prevent caching of javascript in webkit - safari beta 4 bug?
how do i restore a transient field in hibernate like readresolve() for hibernate serialization?
how do i tell nstableview not to resize all other columns when showing/hiding a column?
how to color text in popup menu of nscombobox?
how do i override nserror presentation when bindings is involved?
join with linqtosql, only select top(x) on joined table?
how to implement browser toolbar in cocoa?
how to kill a process in macos?
how did the cocoa framework got its name?
how to do string manipulation in an nsvaluetransformer?
rails page caching with apache and capistrano
why does running "apachectl -k start" not work, but "sudo apachectl -k start" does?
what does "apachectl" stand for?  why isn't it just "apache"?
hibernate: delete where record field < getdate()
jasperreports jrbeancollectiondatasource still confused...
sorting variable multidimensional arrays
the prefix "security" for element "security:http" is not bound
what subversion distributions are suitable for an enterprise
get nsindexset from nsarray
getting oracle client to work on windows 7 rc
oracle 7.3 user management
how to verify correct operation of hibernate second level caching in a cluster?
qgraphicsitem : emulating an item origin which is not the top left corner
[self release], [self dealloc] or [super dealloc] in init methods?
drupal: customizing the look of workflow module
memory management problem in mexfunction
if .bash_profile usually source .bashrc any way, why not just use .bashrc ?
need help converting apache .htaccess code to lighttpd url_rewrite code
oracle: using subqueary in a trigger
opening links but not iframes in webview
more elegant sql?
possible: program executing qt3 and qt4 code?
nstableview with custom cells
how to import code to subversion?
speed test linq2sql v entiry framework
subversion not updating working copy properly
instantiating oracle driver results in invocationtargetexception
apache perl http headers problem
are there any other classes like spbuiltinfieldid and spbuiltincontenttypeid?
how to retrive data from mysql using javascript
help optimize an oracle query?
is there any way to declare final fields for hibernate-managed objects?
is it normal for "rsyslogd" to cost 170m memory?
how can i find out what a command is executing in terminal on macos
unable to install meld by macports
monitoring which statement updates (and when) a certain table row with oracle 10
workarounds for hibernate's lack of delete-orphan support for one-to-one and many-to-one relationships?
logging all cocoa events?
apache prefork/mod_wsgi spawned process count seemingly past configuration
how to display unarchived custom nsview objects
stress testing a server and vps's vs. dedicated servers
integrating search server 2008 express with wss 3.0
why does so display sv version and what are the advantages?
oracle date rounding
multiple oracle clients
why am i getting these errors in the console when debugging in xcode?
apache httpd cluster logging
getting unique result in hibernate
caml cannot reference custom properties in custom fields.
hibernate one-to-one or component?
linqdatasource and datetime format
what are some good oracle db maintenance tools.
what's the difference between the oracle sys and system accounts?
oracle insert with many bind variables over wan is very slow
using @table with schema name in hibernate 3.3.1ga and hsqldb
manytomany in hibernate without composite keys
testing sql query on oracle which includes a remote database
connect_by_isleaf with conditions
qpainter colored text (syntax coloring)
hibernate embeddable inheritance
easy way to make a uilabel cover and exactly match contents of a uitextfield?
lazyinitializationexception with session scoped bean
can macos be run in a vmware type environment?
error: request not found in the trackedrequests. we might be creating and closing webs on different threads.
qtabstractadaptor vs. qtabstractinterface
what does single appostrophe mean in scala?
how can i redefine a built in keyboard shortcut's behavior?
i'm working with the entity framework and i'm having a problem:
oracle associative array type is not able to use in using statement (if  type is declared within package)
search and replace in apache htaccess a rewriterule
guidance on creating non conflicting workflows
hql query equivalence: why are them different
importing 3954275 insert statements into oracle 10g
custom joins entitys on hibernate
what are the advantages/disadvantages of using oracle auto segment space management?
is it recommended practice to use uniform extent sizes in oracle tablespaces?
how to program using cat
how to pass a command line switch to xcode when i start 'build and debug'
what are zygo/meta/histo/para/futu/dyna/whatever-morphisms?
what's the best way to add a composite property for binding to an existing class
hibernate getting id from createcriteria() result
using rewritecond, can i change how fast content is served to users in different parts of the world?
how to turn off optimization (-02) for apache modules built with apxs
change edit control block link in wss
when you show and hide a div, will it re-adjust surrounding elements automagically?
vsewss administrator privileges and <safecontrol> entry
what is the correct way to tell when an nsarraycontroller is finished loading it's content from a persistent store?
oracle: calling multiple procedures in a batch
is there any opengl example so that i can run on macos?
using jquery to grab the content from ckeditor's iframe
<security:custom-authentication-provider /> means?
how do i execute private procedures in an oracle package?
ora-4030 oracle : how to resolve
pwm/clock signal generation from a usb-1024hls daq board
print certain tabs
hibernate specific ddl generation
drupal/ubercart ... node styling?
optimizing select query on oracle 10 dense unique index
implementing tiny mce as local html editor
cannot connect with toad but can with other tools/apps
configure apache to recover from mod_python errors
method @secured suppose to throw error when no user authenticated yet
how to format a matrix for saving
creating a bundle - what's going wrong?
writing a pre-commit hook using sharpsvn. does it lack svnlook propget?
how do i use system.net.webrequest to access an .htaccess protected page?
creating object named after the value of an nsstring - is it possible?
nspopupbuttoncell inside custom cell does not pop up when clicked.
run a method on all objects within a collection
best way to start learning cococa in iphone or osx, espeicaly getting the big picture
hibernate cascade question
can i coerce apache into not including a www-authenticate header for failed http basic auth?
source unavailable under a opensource license
postback or callback?
how do i work with and xml tag within a string?
why is partialfunction <: function in scala?
unable to make firefox open ack's output
javascript, html and browsing, is there an easy solution?
scala: how do i cast a variable?
rar command - ignore certain folders
default html style for controls
c# ranking of objects, multiple criteria
branching strategies (in subversion) for multiple products from one codebase
return value of nth or last match
haskell: can't use "map putstrln" ?
multiple pivot charts setsourcedata error
default value for pivotchart report filter/page field
unique hardware id in macosx
using a ref cursor as input type with odp.net
apache is incorrectly converting jsp pages to "text/plain"
how to make a php process auto-restart when dead?
how i can disable the second-level cache of some certain entities in hibernate with changing annotations
how to check existence of a program in the path
hibernate auto join conditions
indexing data in hibernate search
how to encode string in oracle?
how do i get a web part to refresh in ie?
how do i conditionally add a line to apache  .htaccess based on the domain?
access denied when blaming with toroisesvn
should i bring html snippets or json?
nsimage to base64
disable apache 503 response when tomcat is down
where is user specified data being stored on macos
why does "anonymous" need read access in authz in order for tortoisesvn to do a diff or log?
faster 'select distinct thing_id,thing_name from table1' in oracle
hibernate - selecting across multiple joins with collections
how can i store my rewrite rules in a database?
extending data context classes (interface, new properties etc)
using nsproxy and forwardinvocation:
newly installed apache serving html content as text
confusing subversion status !m
garbage collection crash using nsimage
how to get oracle create table statement in sql*plus
relations in oracle objects?
hiding some user profiles temporary from search
parse the http_cookies string from apache for use in #if clause
does nsstring stringwithcstring: length: retain the byte array i pass in?
how remove empty element from string array in one line?
spsitedataquery problem with eq on number fields
how to i authenticate with a isa proxy from my application seemlessly?
jquery: ajaxsend & ajaxstop events not working?
how do i map a nested collection, map<key,list<values>>, with hibernate jpa annotations?
rbuic on windows
runtime-dynamic properties in qpropertyeditor
haskell: difference between . (dot) and $ (dollar sign)
how would you make a status item show or hide a window when clicked?
oracle optimizing query involving date calculation
how would you make a checkbox in a outline view become checked when all it's children's checkbox's are checked?
new line characters get submitted differently
what is the optimal configuration for serving multiple projects with subversion ?
putting together a big stiffness matrix from several small ones
nspopupbuttoncell inside custom nscell does not change selection when item is selected from menu
how do i deselect all cells in an nsbrowser
hibernate/jpa - annotating bean methods vs fields
apache mod-proxy load balancer maintenance
how do i automatically reset a sequence's value to 0 every year in oracle 10g?
how to open a panel with new folder function by nsopenpanel ?
comparing entities while unit testing with hibernate
i want to allocate memory for 700 mb to 800 mb image size
get directory path to 12 hive programmatically
how to resolve oracle remoteoperationexception: error reading error from command
oracle adds null byte (ascii: 0) to varchar2 string
what  is the best practice regarding source code managment ?
uiwebview in multithread viewcontroller
getting tortoisesvn to set a file's modified time to the timestamp of the latest revision
why do i receive a "out of windows resources" warning when i open numerous figure windows in matlab [7.0 (r14) and beyond] on a microsoft windows pc?
ns(array|tree)controller architecture for multiple nsviewcontrollers
putting subversion repositories in subdirectories?
how would you make a button display a window when clicked?
oracle calculation involving results of another calculation
should "to-many" relationships be modelled as properties?
oracle 8i query help
multi-domain subversion deployment on media temple dv
sparse arrays in haskell?
qlistview/qlistwidget with custom items
object communication - passing self to another object / objective-c, cocoa
oracle database character set issue with the audit tables on debian
notification of webview's selection change
how do i integrate a branch into a trunk if the folder structure has changed?
how can i set a "hidden" attribute for text inside nsattributedstring?
how do you do a join in linqtosql?
how do i represent an image through caml?
subversion for sourcesafe users
oracle differences between nvl and coalesce
how to change a column's attribute without affecting the values already present?
splistitem in formslib does not handle blank values
oracle .net error - wrong number or type of arguments
@secured()      is there any statement show on log...?
how to write a pl/sql code block that prints out contents of cursor that is out parameter from stored proc
leopard terminal (and iterm) ignores control key combos
hibernate mapping a second @embeddable field in a subclass
how can you push data to a web page client?
in oracle, is there a function that calculates the difference between two dates?
how do i bind the enabled binding of a button to whether or not an nsarraycontroller has a selection?
oracle financials gl import
update bound dictionary based on nstextfieldcell's edited value
accessing spworkflowstatus from an splistitem
is it normal to have a short delay after .innerhtml = xmlhttp.responsetext; ?
how do i define a search scope "display group" for a site definition
apache logs -- what is difference between %a and %h?
macbook trackpad gestures: move active window
can i do this? apache + mod_jk + tomcat + axis
specialization in type classes using ghc
nhibernate schemaupdate failing
apache + tomcat: using mod_proxy instead of ajp
disable trinidad skins
how do i create a lock/unlock button and behavior in my secure preference pane?
q about abstractapplicationcontext.getbeansoftype() and getbean()
sql scripts under subversion
hibernate table per hierarchy how to
using nspredicate to filter an nsarray based on nsdictionary keys
cocoa utility class
restore and recovery scenario
howto transfer a request made to an apache server to an iis server without using a url redirect?
how to write tetris in scala? (code review)
when is the cache updated in the crosslistquerycache?
short way of making many beans depend-on one bean
does it worth to use mysqli_client_compress when the db is on another machine ?
profiling objective-c binary image size
mapping an oracle date to a java object using hibernate
expressions in hibernate criteria
proper way of writing a hql in ( ... ) query
how would you make the text in a checkbox cell be able to be edited?
where to manage the most sensitive content you have under version control?
combining mod_access and mod_auth
oracle: symbolic names and logical grouping for ora-xxxxx codes?
gwt+grail.. advantages and shortcomings..
my o/r designer keeps deleting the designer.cs file!
lost rpc connection to remote agent error with oracle connected to informix
osx audio hijack style audio recording from other applications (cocoa)
how to lazy load a one-to-one composition via hql
keeping tables synchronized in oracle
how to quickly search a subversion repository?
is it possible to cache a whole website including start html page and startup with no internet connection?
background image for a window in cocoa framework
how to get notifications of nsview ishidden changes?
connect to a secure database using jdbc
oracle sql expert certification 1z0-047
testing for a valid date in a oracle procedure's parameter
cocoa bindings: custom setter methods?
multiple security:custom-authentication-provider
haskell: show screwed up?
oracle pl/sql ora-01722 error
hql order by qurey giving problem
hibernate load usertype object from repository
how to avoid hardcoded field names in hql, hibernate?
coccoa application
why doesn't deferred execution cache iterative values?
apache .htaccess vs httpd - does it really matter?
how to check mod_deflate is enabled in apache?
how to get position inside a select statement
uinavigationcontroller and autorotation.
hibernate error: cannot resolve table
cocoa keyboard shortcuts in dialog without an edit menu
what does this configuration in apache mean?
oracle 'identifier myschema.mytable must be declared'
how to password control access to all urls except one in apache 2
stderr redirection to stdout
is there an easy way to backup oracle sql developer's user snippets?
how do i localise a default attribute in a core data entity
rolling forward the archivelog and online redo logs to the restored database
how to find & fix memleaks inside apache + php + win2k3
program custom permission level
how do i convert an nsstring into something i can use with fscreatedirectoryunicode?
clean up before closing the qcoreapplication.
database diagramming tool for osx?
is there a way to put get the url of the site in creation in the onet.xml file?
does it make sense to have more than one methodsecurityinterceptor bean?
why can't i include a blog?
converting sql server date format to oracle
how to create unboxed mutable array instance
no runnable methods error from base test class
method signature problem.
how do i create an fsref from a nsstring containing a path?
in memory filtering of not persistent collection with hibernate
how to benchmark apache with delays?
hibernate query problem, so close and stumped...
hibernate not using where clause with inner join
hibernate polymorphism
how do i create an import-only document type in cocoa?
what type of index in best for date type on oracle?
oracle: variable number of parameters to a stored procedure
query two tables from different schema
is there an qpointer specialization for boost::bind
techniques for removing old data on oracle databases
apache maxclients when keepalive is off
wss features and data storage
oracle 11g sql to get unique values in one column of a multi-column query
oracle lag between commit and select
what to do with “inferred type is less polymorphic than expected”?
how to mock for testing in haskell?
how do i use the return value of a sheet to decide whether or not to close a window?
pushd/popd on ksh?
drupal-salesforce with nusoap
hibernate polymorphic query
map virtual directory to another web server in apache
how to get value from nstextfield(in cocoa)?
cocoa controllers - best practice for notifying on completion, for disposal?
programatically create web application & sub site
protect against accidental deletion
oracle pl/sql: loop through xmltype  nodes
scriptresource.axd requests return http 302
maskededit extender lost data on postback
bulk insert into oracle database: which is better: for cursor loop or a simple select ?
return an oracle ref cursor to a sqlserver t-sql caller
secure oracle connection from java applet
how do i improve windows subversion client update performance?
how to construct a hibernate query that uses a single element of all elements in a collection?
oracle syntax for creating database link owned by another user
how does the krotateimage flag to icadownloadfile work?
sfauthorizationview authorize: method does not work.
where to find volume mount icon on leopard
using sharpsvn to retrieve log entries within a date range
how can i use linq to return a list of countries but place a particular country aribitrarly at the top?
unix domain sockets and cocoa
vb.net traversing an xls / xlsx file?
can "nice" and "exec" cooperate in linux?
command line subversion client for windows vista 64bits
best way to log post data in apache?
connect sqlplus in oracle
making a menu item display a window.
merging from branch to trunk with 'merge range of revisions'
drupal: is it possible to insert php variables from one node into another node?
help diagnosing a subversion error
is there a difference between delegate/selector and target/action?
rewriterule for mapping x.domain.com to y.domain.com
subclassing nsoutlineview
why isn't this rewrite rule working?
safe rm -rf function in shell script
how do i iterate over an nsarray?
remove white backgrounds from images
nsoutlineview not doing what it has should do in it's subclass.
going from php propel to java hibernate
resolving ora-4031 "unable to allocate x bytes of shared memory"
[probably something stupid] can't create trigger using sqlplus in oracle
get the numerical value of an spfieldcurrency field
whats wrong with this cursor
moving code from codeplex to google code - keeping history.
oracle extractvalue failing when query returns many rows
referential integrity constraint is automatically disabling in oracle.
provision a webpart
rolling back foreign key relationships with hibernate
orm for asp.net, oracle, looking for a solution.
java project configuration
bdc web part connection interface error.
oracle: loading a large xml file?
how can i optimize a dynamic search query in oracle
iphone sdk 3.0 not detected by xcode 3.2
web-based json editor that works like property explorer with ajaxy input form
sort nsfilemanager results
fullscreen key down actions
subverison and ci build processes
update the results of a select statement
how to transform array argu from object_c to javascript?
hibernate cascade deletion
how to play a sound when <div> is updated
hibernate cascade deletion  example
can i get ora-08177 if there's only one connection to the database?
making a .net 2.0 windows form application backward compatible with .net 1.1
oracle 'printf' equivalent
how to use nsurlrequest with non-static content?
oracle 10g pl/sql- select results as update column values
hibernate criteria query with restricted associations
in windows, what makes qmake append "d" on a debug target?
autowiring unmanaged beans annotated with @component
how to maintain null for numeric values when using beanutils.copyproperties?
where is the best place to put a db query in drupal?
php / drupal, session storage and encryption
remove newline character from first line of nsstring
working with date ranges in php/oracle
how to install java class on oracle on solaris
subversion, is it save to remove mergeinfo from a reintegrate merge
is it possible to see output to stdout in this occasion?
how to replace the "disown" with "screen"?
detecting changes to checkboxes via vba
using different hibernate user types in different situations
processing messages concurrently in an actor
[haskell] case-insensitive regular expressions
how to run a workflow on an item inserted by an anonymous user
oracle execute immediate with variable number of binds possible?
deploy webaprt with feature
how do i use create or replace?
cascading updates with business key equality: hibernate best practices?
oracle and sqlserver function evaluation in queries
hibernate example onetomany with compositekey
it is possible to run more then one app under mod_aspdotnet?
getting hibernate to do simple updates, instead of enormous select then updates...
what's the default value of the hibernate property hibernate.jdbc.factory_class?
qapplication
ls return values
cocoa - localized string from nsdate, nscalendardate...
log web based application.
customize oracle awr report
mod-rewrite problems (apache) with / slashes
looking for "localhost" apache server that allows .htaccess
nsarray to c array
competition random entry draw script
apache integration with lisp like web language
what does the output mean?
displaying information from matalb without a line feed
hibernate unidirectional parent/child relationship - delete() performs update on child table instead of delete
bypassing delete_orphans in a transaction when moving objects from one parent to another, hibernate.
wss 3.0 multiple domains
after login, redirect to entrance url?
apache: return 404 errors instead of 500 errors.
datacontxet reusing connection
why don't i declare nsinteger with a *
how do i include calls to methods only present in one operating system version when compiling for multiple versions?
hibernate query hints for jpa
hibernate findbyid isn't finding records that it previously found
how can i use nslog in main() but outside of nsapplicationmain?
start php, apache?
crash in qhash
deploying a webpart which depends on a database store
osx malicious terminal command (colon, brackets, curly brackets, apersand, etc)
why co-cocoa pr-programmers st-stutter...
how to determine oracle_home from pl/sql?
help me understand the difference between clobs and blobs in oracle
how to map a set of objects in hibernate without primary keys being equally named?
how to dynamically reconfigure drupal's jquery-based autocomplete at runtime?
vsewss "attach to iis worker processes" grayed out
lift snippet help
hibernate annotation join table question
haskell: type classes question
display contents of oracle aq sys.aq$_jms_text_message
"live preview" of a forum post or comment, like stackoverflow does
what the heck is a jpa configuration?
checkbox in tableview
why size of lucene index increased if i index the same data?
apache http web server requests
hibernate ordering
nsoutlineview, nstreecontroller and willdisplaycell
nsscanner - scan next line into string
is it possible to use a database link between an oracle database and a postgresql database on different physical servers
ado.net data service not dynamically updating
accesing a nsarray.
what is the difference between objectquery and "var" ?
what's a good beginner setup for c++/python on osx?
renaming keys in nsmutabledictionary
oracle unique constraint with where clause
memory leaks - formatting a string to display time, each second
how to programatically get current battery level with cocoa
how do i make apache know which app directory to use for different domains?
can't apply 3d properties to autoshape
getting nsarraycontroller item for right click in nscollectionview
how will you take only stored procedure backup in oralce 10g?
how to specify a bean as non lazy with annotations
subversion vendor branches
using regular expressions in the search core results web part xslt
is it possible to create new widget instances from within a dashboard widget?
apache log lines appearing out of sequence - why?
how do i know which osbundlelibrary to include when using xcode?
xaconnection performance in oracle (10g)
how should i branch and tag before and after a release?
python interface to the apache scoreboard (for server statistics)?
core data: strange bindings error on re-opening a document. help?
singleton design
modify column in oracle - how to check if a column is nullable before setting to nullable?
hibernate set mapped to a 'sql select' table
oracle sql query to summarize statistics, using group by
any "fundamentals-oriented" example of nsscroller out there?
how have you (or have you) learned keyboard shortcut navigation?
how do i get the values of #define-d constants?
how to use hibernate interceptors to populate extra fields in a join table?
processbatchdata create strange folder name
gprof reports no time accumulated
scala's existential types
implement manualresetevent and autoresetevent
can scala's actor framework handle 10.000 actors without stack problems?
moss 2007 and sql server reporting services from dev to prod
oracle db: how can i write query ignoring case?
nsxmldocumenttidyhtml doesn't tidy some xhtml validation errors.
what is the proper jpa mapping for @id in parent and unique sequence in base classes
why does spotlight sometimes not run my query?
getting properies from sharepointwebcontrols
configuring moss and reporting services on a domain controller
can a query from an oracle to a db2 through a dblink block the db2 table?
oracle analytic question
why would the browser cache assets (images, js, etc.) while getting but re-request everything after a post + 302 redirect?
what is the difference between converting to hex on the client end and using rawtohex?
how to determine a pl/sql function's schema from within the function
dump oracle table(s) data to insert statements
how to create an nsstring with one random letter?
how to setup multiple authentication types for 1 subversion repo?
removing a binary attribute's data(used in nsimageview) in core data entity
does [nsstepper setminimum/setmaximum] also set the value?
how to perform date operations in hibernate hql
hibernate @orderby with referenced class
how does 'get' actually /get/ the initial state in haskell?
good combination of a c++ toolkit/library, cross platform db (not necessarily sql)
phplivex and loading html into div
selecting columns in dataloadoptions
iyo: worst subversion misfeatures?
duplicate entry error in mysql/hibernate
subversion for iseries
can you write cocoa apps with html/css and javascript?
problem with qsqltablemodel -- no automatic updates.
what's a quality development environment for writing oracle sql?
how to do monthly refresh of large db tables without interrupting user access to them
how to: url re-writing in php ?
how to change the subversion directory usingg eclipse
modalpopupextender performance issues
different page provided for google crawl
general oracle results table
general oracle data collection storage
echo printing variables on single line
is there an implementation of iqueryable over dbdatareader?
apache rewriterule not working without page # specified.
nsbuttoncell (nsswitchbutton) binded to bool value
apache on windows - growing vm size of httpd.exe
data guard oracle 11g
how to deploy a drupla site on a web farm ?
oracle: does a 10g oracle client work with an 11g server?
how do i make my urls work with mod_rewite?
programmatic positioning of vba charts has stopped working
websphere connections problem
accessing a function over database link with different charsets in oracle
oracle connections problem
getting the pid of a job launched in the background remotely
hibernate dynamic instantiations with collections, is it possible?
how to created a "singleton" scheduled job in oracle?
cocoa distributed objects, long polling, lunchd and "not responding" in activity monitor
how can i set up a simple test with cabal?
oracle generic db link not working
how do i specify which oracle client install to use?
blank process name for osx cocoa application?
how to use an internet subversion respository when devloping code?
how to represent a polygon with hole(s) ?
which xml parser for xml is better?
pl/sql: problem in where clause ( don't know how i can address results from decode() function in where clause).
is there any game engine in scala?
how to handle line breaks in data for importing with sql loader
cocoa focus ring color animation
linq: ienumerable<keyvaluepair<sometype, ienumerable<othertype>>>  selection
correct structure to check for errors using nserror
entityset<ienumerable<t>> to ienumerable<t>
hibernate: specifying columns in a one-to-many relationship
oracle 11g sql select max integer value of varchar column
how to perform request destination in user page
is my iqueryable syntax correct?
pl/sql stored procedure... where does the execution time go?
return subversion working copy to an old revision
storing waveforms in oracle
how to build qtcore4.dll without dependency to msvcx80.dll?
some doubts on setting an c#/asp.net 3.5 application automatic builder server
using hibernate with dynamic eclipse plug-ins
how to add greater than/less than to hibernate filters
how to improve performance in oracle using select distinct
how do i create subdomain redirects using .htaccess?
mouse events for an nssegmentedcell subclass?
how to make a keyboard shortcut to close dialog with xcode/interface builder?
why are subviews of an nsview not sent a release message when a cocoa application terminates?
running ping with qprocess, exit code always 2 if host reachable or not
core data, nsarraycontainer arraycontent of many arrays
can someone explain scala's yield?
linux and clipboard
problems redirecting old domain to new with apache and htaccess
on cygwin, how do i install curl from hackage?
for loop using find lacks doesn't properly handle directory names having white space character
binding to media keys on apple keyboards under osx 10.5
drawing once per frame in cocoa
how to get max string length in every column of a datatable
stop a custom submit button from firing the form validation on a cck form
problems with scrolling in textview in gtk2hs and haskell.
requirements for connecting to oracle with jdbc?
up to date asp.net page
converting enumeration to iterator
progress bar in perl
how to disable window close button in osx using wxpython?
how can i define a type in oracle11g that references a collection of that type?
nsnotificationcenter selector won't work with its nsnotification
is there a way to programmatically determine the proper sizes for apple's built-in controls?
howto: rewrite requests for images, css and js to different folders for each application?
disable hibernate auto update on flush on read only synonyms
how can i deny all but one directory name with .htaccess?
wait for "any process" to finish
is it bad practice to send an  actor a message from something which is not an actor?
how can i identify a remote actor?
what is the sql server equivalent to oracle's virtual private database?
what does the remote-actor framework do if trying to write to a client which is no longer there?
how to display indeterminate nsprogressindicator in the nsoutlineview?
updating frontend layout from a module
pl/sql: retrieve names of procedures and functions within a package
how is this case class match pattern working?
refactor to replace ajaxcontroltoolkit or radajaxmanager
svnant - parent dir in server is not a working copy.
storing array of floats as a blob in oracle
enforcing that a class posts a particular nsnotification?
batch multiple select statements when calling oracle from ado.net
use nsarraycontroller with nested nsmutablearrays (cocoa bindings question)
scala/lift question rss feed fetch
coccoa application
accessing oracle database from c#
xmlhttprequest vs socket vs ?
redirecting test output
compare strings by their written representation - is it possible?
haskell: overlapping instances
escaping the '\' character in the replacement string in a sed expression
using ms sql/oracle's xml datatype in hibernate
is there an environment variable that contains the clipboard contents?
how can i create a ddl for my jpa entities from java code?
resultset logic when selecting tables without a join?
what do these errors in the xcode debugger mean?
nsimage rotation
continuing inserts in oracle when exception is raised
how to achieve this in apache?
possible to create oracle associative array type outside of a package/procedure?
https on apache; will it show apache?
open source objective-c projects with high quality code?
dynamically loading a part of a window in cocoa
oracle - is there any effects of not having a primary key on  a table ?
loose coupling among objects within oracle schema
getting the return value of a pl/sql function via hibernate
possible to create oracle database object types inside of pl/sql?
in oracle, is starting the sql query's where clause with 1=1 useful?
springaop-generated dynamic sublcass is missing annotation
queries in hibernate polymorphism
using lamda with dictionaries
oracle v-limits (varchar, varray, etc)
springide and eclipse galileo 3.5
how to progromatically know to rollback a transaction (can do it in sqlserver, but need oracle solution)
hibernate and jpa - error mapping embedded class exposed through an interface
persistent uibarbuttonitem in uitoolbar?
the microsoft.visualstudio.data.interop.ivsdataprovidermanager service could not be found.
how to count number of different ips that have accessed certain url from apache accesss log?
go to path and then tar?
value is a variable but used as a method
hibernate error : caused by: org.hibernate.nonuniqueobjectexception: a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session:
in cocoa, how do i set the ttl on a packet?
efficiency of storing an oracle user defined type in an index organized table
what is the pl/sql api difference between oracle express edition (xe) and standard edition (se)?
is there an oracle equivalent to sql server's output inserted.*?
parallel matalb and logging
using cscope on macos x
how do you add an edit button to each row in a report in oracle apex?
scala: match and parse an integer string?
how can multiple rows be concatenated into one in oracle without creating a stored procedure?
wtf is a role
can an oracle variable of type record be passed between procedures without the procedures knowing its real type?
mysql enum with hibernate
hide directories from listing, but don't disable directory listings.
how to keep entity framework and database aligned
how to wait for an animator to finish?
design an nsview subclass in interface builder and then instantiate it?
is qhash::contains method case-sensitive or case-incensitive?
how do i set the window tile for a sql*plus (windows) instance?
how to create picture link in asp.net mvc?
can i re-write my urls like this and is it a good idea?
sql: the semicolon or the slash?
nsimage vs. ciimage vs. cgimage?
nls_lang setting for jdbc thin driver?
hibernate not fetching public member
how to display a raw yuv frame in a cocoa opengl program
hibernate getting on my nerve. delete question on one to one relationship.
what is an effective way to  track, identify and report every 'error message raised by your application similar to oracle's ora-00237 database error codes?
real time video capture??
check whether application already running
resources for unit testing cocoa applications
hibernate one to one mapping example
making a checkbox toggle the dock icon on and off.
hibernate session / transaction design
database results in cocoa
apache: virtualhost with [php|python|ruby] support
how can i use mod_rewrite to 301 redirect website.com to www.website.com?
best programmer's image editor for osx
putting an nspopupbutton in an nstoolbar
oracle: global namespace qualifier for function?
oracle: best way to search over a range of values?
why do these errors in xcode mean?
can two different sites running on same host, share same database for storage and retrieval?
xmlhttprequest onlys gets to status 3
help me put oracle terminology into sql server terminology
oracle identify data type
oracle number comparisons
how do i make a url forbidden in apache mod_rewrite?
writing a formula to a cell with openxls
can i make this code work with shortcut recorder?
global object for javascript to interact with safari plug-in
quickest query to check for the existence of a row in oracle?
apache2: environment variables for user http
hibernate for stored procedure access
how to open a web page from qlikview?
incorrect qfileinfo permissions for user desktop on vista 64
alternatives for loading into oracle
ssrs report from oracle db - use stored procedure
parsing xml in cocoa
tripping over nsvalue, nsnumber & nsdecimalnumber
how to genrate pivot table in excelsheet programitically
apache route to program download
hibernate: query entities which contain a specified element in a collectionofelements?
what's wrong with adding lobs to an oracle table?
why do some page requests hang when fetching image assets using safari and apache 2.2.3?
haskell: generic ioref, mvar?
why are iframes so slow?
counting duplicates in a sorted sequence using command line tools
understanding mod_proxy and apache 2 for writing a comet-server
how do i read the windows registry (default) value using qsettings?
cocoa app, my problem with -windowshouldclose
hibernate collectionofelements eager fetch duplicates elements
hibernate basic: how to query when there is a composite id
hibernate: sorting by a field from a linked table if foreign key is null
how do i get around type erasure on scala? or, why can't i get the type parameter of my collections?
oracle date index
limit oracle / aspx query time
why is oracle spewing bad table metadata?
how to implement this query in hibernate?
use oracle cursor within a sys_refcursor
how to optimize oracle query for repeated full table sorts?
how do i turn off oracle password expiration?
enabling save for an nsdocument
hibernate property based on sum
class not found exception in hibernate
programmatically change system network (proxy) settings
hot to select items in nsoutlineview without nstreecontroller?
calculate difference between 2 date / times in oracle sql
bottom bar in nswindow
mod rewrite /iran/iran/ to /iran/
what makes scala's "operator overloading" good, but c++'s bad?
evaluate oracle expression
how can hibernate map the sql data-type nvarchar(max)?
why does my content change when running in apache xampp?
oracle: efficient way to configure columns in an output report
apache redirect from non www to www
stumped and seeking input re: database design
how to customize nstextfield look (font used, font size) in cocoa ?
apache loading queue problems
oracle sql developer: sharing configuration via dropbox
mod_rewrite rewriting things it's explicitly told not to
interface builder uidatepicker
find installed applications in cocoa
qx11embedwidget and qx11embedcontainer
how much disk space should i reserve for my subversion repository?
suggestions for setting up a subversion repository
hibernate bidirectional parent/child problem
apache xampp gzip
getting the speaker audio signal and then streaming it out
is there a simpler c++ subversion api or an example .vcproj for minimal_client.c?
springjunit4classrunner tests -- work from ant, not from ide
oracle rollback and trigger
how can i optmize a max date query relating to a other table entity
hibernate save strange behaviour
generating fibonacci numbers in haskell?
how to know which stored procedures are running in an oracle database?
docking custom task panes
best way in oracle to go from this data to this result
how do you add textboxes to oracle apex reports?
what are some good intermediate problems and projects for learning haskell?
how to change where subversion repositories are stored?
no error message available, result code: e_fail(0x80004005)
magneto xml layout with custom modules
should i study scala?
nsstring color
502 bad gateway... invalid response from upstream server (apache and jboss)
how to make apache slow and unreliable?
reference from uitableviewcell to parent uitableview?
grab information from "qwidget"
crash reporter for cocoa app
hibernate insert into select
no results from oracle query in vb aspx
keep a stream from fstream open through member functions
how to display opening times?
get duration in avaudioplayer?
what is the difference between a hash join and a merge join (oracle rdmbs )?
oracle 11g cold restore?
.htaccess rewrite of a url [help with rule]
problem enabling .htaccess
how to animate scrollpoint?
how can hibernate access a private field ?
limit a double to two decimal places
editor does not contain a main type
why is it allowed to write to / on macosx as normal user?
testing errors with ocmock
question about extensiblity of cocoa touch controls
the current state of serving a php 5.x app on the apache, lighttpd & nginx web servers?
how do you enable javascript in a webview
importing and normalising xml with hibernate
multiple documents in a single window in cocoa
cocoa: getting the current mouse position on the screen
where is the code for the function under c in screen's copy-mode?
oracle performance using functions in where clause
when porting java code to objc, how to represent checked exceptions?
is there any performance difference between mycollection.where(...).firstordefault() and mycollection.firstordefault(...)
oracle requests proxy
how do you define a local var/val in the primary constructor in scala?
hibernaqte exception :org.hibernate.exception.sqlgrammarexception: could not execute query
changing the type of an entity preserving its id
execute immediate over databse link
how do you strip leading spaces in oracle?
creating object from hibernate mapping
#define equivalent for oracle sql?
what is this widget called?
updatepanel where button event does not fire.
have a script to handle http errors.
calling a stored proc over a dblink
making wp templates
should frameworks be put in /library/frameworks or in the application bundle when putting multiple applications in one bundle
error: incompatible types in assignment
negating an arbitrary where clause condition (including the null tests)
how to click a text with underline for showing a web?
how to increase oracle cbo cost estimation for hash joins, group by's and order by's without hints
why use sysv or posix shared memory vs mmap()?
fixing a broken subversion setup
what the meaning of colon, underscore and star in lift's sitemap(entries:_*) ?
any ideas why qhash and qmap return const t instead of const t& ?
diagnostic output of the oracle query optimizer
does the order of cases matter in php switch statements?
oracle builtin string character classes
how do i set the execuable attributes with qmake for a c++ project?
what's the equivalent of oracle's to_char in as400 db2 sql syntax?
how to map a set of enum type in hibernate?
apache .htaccess hotlinking redirect
how do i combine monads in haskell?
resolving sub-domain in apache
query hangs
mod_rewrite, avatar set up
why does an nsview's frame: method return the wrong results?
disabling the constant upgrade messages from subversion clients...
find duplicate/repeated rows in hierarchical sql
does oracle 10g automatically escape double quotes in recordsets?
to understand typeset for pythonpath
get accurate position for a click on a linked image using jquery
what's the equivalent of shgetfolderpath on osx?
is it safe/possible to delete code from the table dba_source in oracle 10g?
configuring apache web server with tomcat
what's the best free collaborative platform for 2/3 programmers?
how to get values of bind parameters from oracle jdbc preparedstatement object
lambda expression of select * from tablename
how do i route the audio from the lineout to an application?
whether to enable a security-protected feature
how do i sort an array in scala?
background image in an image map
shell prompt line wrapping issue
last day of the month with a twist in sqlplus
haskell: monadic takewhile?
common rewrite setting for multiple vhosts
map database column1, column2, columnn to a collection of elements
using a oracle subselect to replace a case statement
cocoa mail framework
using python scripts in subversion hooks on windows
how to effectively manage code changes to third party applications
how can i send a html email from cocoa?
can you grant privileges to an oracle cluster object?
setting error log filename in apache to include current date
oracle pl-sql escape character (for a '?')
is there integer ranges for where clause?
address book thread safety and performance
how to do an "in" query in entity framework?
unreliable hibernate objects
apache error [notice] parent: child process exited with status 3221225477 -- restarting.
how to determine if a table has been accessed in the last month?
simulate usb insertion on osx via software
obtain a cgcontextref of nsview outside of drawrect ?
compiling a delegate with expression.lambda() - parameter out of scope, but is it really?
bpel for data synchronization
loading javassist-ed hibernate entity
haskell: faster summation
how do i extend scala.swing?
how to limit ram usage in oracle 9
what orms work well with scala?
rewrite url with apache2
trac-past-commit-hook on remote repository
drupal: how to know the type of a tid (term id)?
cocoa - notification on nsuserdefaults value change?
re-initializing "thisworkbook.path"
hsql subqueries
lazily loading a clob in hibernate
how scope of variable defined/flows in ms sql
how can i find which tables reference a given table in oracle sql developer?
optional entity attributes
keydown and cocoa sample
how to tell apache, in reverse proxy mode, to intercept or trap 302 responses from backend server and redirect internally without sending 302 response back to client?
how to execute subversion post-commit trigger without new changeset?
qt4 qmenu items sorting
weird problem using custom fields
how do i compile a 32 bit apache module for a 64 bit platform?
how to create a cggradient for my uiview subclass ?
apache getting denied access to a directory on my local server
accessing values using subscripts without using sub2ind
uninstall macruby
deploying beta software updates and sparkle
how to implement pay pal in cocoa objective c application.
relocation r_x86_64_32 against a local symbol' error
second frontmost app?
round nsdate to the nearest 5 minutes
filtering data in an nspopupbuttoncell in an nstableview
run crontab with user input
hql problem
how do i disable warnings being flagged as errors in xcode
how can i "batch download" data from oracle?
getting items on the local clipboard from a remote ssh session
merge output cursor of sp into table?
how to make divide(column1/column2) in hibernate criteria projections
@manytomany hibernate question (can add extra field?)
problem with basic attributes java.sql.blob
does anyone know if hibernate and java will work effectively with access?
haskell: any debugshow function?
oracle sql invalid identifier
fun function every minute in cocoa
scala: abstract types vs generics
oracle varchar to number
multiple actor invocation from blocking call
oracle data dump and data restore
how to configure term on macosx with color
cocoa nsnumberformattercurrencystyle without "$" return zero
haskell: can i use a where clause after a bloc with bind operators (>>=)?
downside to using persistent connections?
how to use @sum with coredata
how to get utc value for sysdate on oracle
index not used due to type conversion?
oracle java stored procedure command-line interaction
difference between two queries when selecting a random sample from oracle
oracle connections from a com+ application
interface-builder outlets causing odd display behaviour
is odp.net required for oracle 11g client?
check signature of osx bundle before load
values inside monads, nested in data structures?
how do i save state with calayers?
"could not deduce (marray (stuarray s) int (st s)) from context ()" when applying runst
version configuration from sql
applescript for unlock screen dialog
is there a viable scc integration for subversion?
ms access 03 - muliplte "ifs" in one field of update query's criteria??
how do i escape a reserved word in oracle
why is apache's rewriterule revealing local paths?
what good are right-associative methods in scala?
recursivley traverse cifs shares
can use hibernate and tomcat connection pool at same time?
how does one manage multiple release branches in subversion?
apache tomcat 404 error
oracle number problem: decimal to int64 cast
how do i test if a floating point number is an integer in haskell?
vba editor auto-deletes spaces at the ends of lines
help constructing an oracle sql with condition
hibernate manytomany
customize finder 'get info' window?
possible to create oracle regular expression that's able to match null?
oracle query optimization
sort subgroups of lines with command-line tools
apache / php disable cookies for subdomain ?
delete an oracle-user with single quotes in the username
apache mod_rewrite a subdomain to a subfolder (via internal redirect)
hibernate save object question
userdefaults in system preference pane installed for multiple users in osx...
hibernate flush and jtaunexpectedrollback exception
can you manually implement cocoa bindings?
first non-empty cell in a spreadsheet row
how can i retrieve the html to be loaded into a webview (or webframe) from a local persistent store?
what is difference between access and oracle????
get resultset from oracle stored procedure
what is d2k in oracle
what is org.springframework.orm.hibernate3.support.blobbytearraytype good for?
difference between varchar and varchar2
oracle all foreign key references
what's the best way to determine which version of oracle client i'm running?
oracle temporary tablespace
qwidget::find(hwnd) always returning 0
oracle update hangs
problem with utf-8 in create schema by hibernate
does an index on a unique field in a table allow a select count(*) to happen instantly?  if not why not?
executing simple commands with cocoa and sdef.
mod_rewrite not working as internal proxy
finding a 3rd party qwidget with injected code & qwidget::find(hwnd)
can you add values to an oracle apex shuttle item using a textbox?
how do i index through a cocoa nsarray to draw a shape in quartz composer for every element in the array?
how do you pre-set values on the right-hand side of a shuttle item in oracle apex?
altering the style of an nssearchfield.
oracle analytics inside cursor
writing video from webcam using opencv
core data simple relationship in code
store and retrieve image by hibernate
lift net.liftweb.http.s#param doesnt works like wiki says
org/springframework/metadata/attributes not found in spring3.0?
get scriptaculous slideup effect to work with rubyonrails
will there be iqueryable-like additions to iobservable? (.net rx)
oracle minus - from a list of values, how do i count only non reversed values.
rewriting query string using mod_rewrite
rhel/apache ssl.conf configuration problem
need help with nsmutabledata.
installing mod_mono for asp.net on macosx leopard
trouble with nsdecimalnumber's decimalnumberbydividingby: withbehavior:
nsstring retain problems
error commiting data in subversion
what are the precise rules for when you can omit parenthesis, dots, braces, = (functions) etc?
apache mod_rewrite only if request does not start with '/themes/'
filtering a nsoutlineview/nstreecontroller.
how do you sanitize your source before doing a subversion commit?
check if a value is in a collection with link
add a server alias to the domain's vhost?
link error when using boost library on macosx
why am i getting this error, when it cannot be true?
? choosing a subversion server
subversion project structure?
hibernate multi level of transaction
using maven in hibernate tutorial
how to eliminate a particular category from query
callbacks in objc+cocoa
launchd relaunch app on quit
passing a native pointer to performselectoronmainthread's withobject argument?
oracle pl/sql: any benefits in changing plsql_code_type from interpreted to native ?
problem with webkit rendering google.com (and a few other sites)
how configure hibernate for develop test
cocoa: dictionary with enum keys?
adding padding to the 'left' of a text field.
why would nswindow with nstableview not resize?
hibernate manytomany with join table problems on update
shut off htmlpurifier upgrade message
oracle and auto_increment/identity
redirect 404 to another domain with apache?
how to get rid of jquery error
using alternative comparison in hashset
send data to browser
oracle optional relationship
can i run an arbitrary oracle sql script through odp.net?
how can i make comments like on stackoverflow?
equinox (osgi) and jpa/hibernate - finding entities
filterinvocation being called instead of methodinvocation
how to block until certain notification is posted in cocoa?
xcode linking build error
defining multiple-type container classes in haskell, trouble binding variables.
timing the release branch
when are -framework and -i/system/.../example.framework/headers/ needed?
local temporary table in oracle 10 (for the scope of stored procedure)
cocoa: any checks required for multiple asynchronous nsurlconnections?
timeout setting of different browsers?
problem saveorupdate object hibernate (a different object with the same identifier session)
detecting when an nsview is dealloc'ed
well written open source cocoa apps to learn from
what's a great way to benchmark apache locally on linux?
oracle 11g hibernate problem
trouble with float in objective-c
check if a string contain asterisk (*)
macosx: introducing delay between paste and enter or between keystrokes
generate random number
sethidden not working
how to rewrite part of the url with .htaccess?
hibernate custom type definitions
where is requestmapping?
create table reverse engineering in oracle
is there any way to programmatically "move" an oracle table definition from one database to another?
problem with oracle sqlplus with whitespace in the path of the @ command
obtaining text from a qlistview
apache django mod_wsgi sessions development enviroment
dtrace on leopard: no probes specified, even when i specify probes
create or replace role?
workaround for oracle 9i outputting crlf when using utl_file.putraw() for blobs?
how to refer dynamically to another database user?
nszombies are eating my app's brain!
nsstatusitem to be always left?
how to disable the alter panel caused by nsalter automatic?
encoding special characters
writing sql function with xquery parameters
qobject::connect issues with qabstractitemmodel
jdbctemplate hangs on long update
oracle: altering job_queue_processes question
qtwebkit, qwebelement::setplaintext() problem
unique random number sequence using qrand() and qsrand()
tutorial for developing web services with apache axis 1.5
oracle insert giving error in c#.
osx - retrieve user id of logged-in user from a system service
cocoa mini toolbar under table (add, remove)
how can i use the 'nvl' function on a result table?
upload and download data from server with cocoa?
how to trace a program from its very beginning without running it as root
why oracle does not have autoincrement feature for primary keys?
drupal, translating menu paths
cannot hide controls in nsview
getting duplicate entry errors from hibernate, is mysql to blame?
how do i setquerytimeout on simplejdbctemplate?
hibernate @onetomany with mappedby (parent-child) relationship and cache problem
hibernate/spring3: could not initialize proxy - no session
is direct-path insert a good way to do bulk inserts in oracle?
returning an array in cocoa, but waiting for delegation to complete
how to force a browser to refresh a cached version of a webpage
center block element in element
oracle: create table as select from another database?
oracle gotchas for an experienced newb
xcode error -  … undelcared …
question about oracle locking and summarisation
how to create linked texbox in worksheet?
why shouldn't i use a cursor rect on a rotated nsview subclass?
qwebelement information where on page it is rendered ?
(apache) possible to match utf8 characters in rewrite rules?
how to acquire an event only at defined times?
how do i insert sysdate into a column using odp and an xml dataset?
how can i manage merging updates from several developers?
need lambda expression orderby with datetime conversion
using random folder name on web server to restrict access to it - bad idea?
newbie: what does jquery.ajaxsetup 'beforesend' do?
mouse event is not detected on my nstableview + cocoa
how to extract data from a long column holding xml strings
scala: keyword as package name
hibernate transaction duplicate problem
invoking methods in qthread's context
hibernate second level cache <<net.sf.ehcache.hibernate.ehcacheprovider>>
making the name of the app appear in the menubar (top-left corner) when the app is lsuielement.
disable/cancel sleep command on macosx
hibernate vs cfquery
apache's mod_rewrite and %{request_uri} problem
nscolorwell subclass not getting mousemoved events
osx application bundle working directory
hibernate object identity question
error when converting xml from a clob column to xmltype colum
nstableview switch column
discrete wavelet transformation
how to achieve "not in" by using restrictions and criteria in hibernate?
commit from directory, not under version control, to override current revision
apache mod_rewrite
how to use nscollectionview and outlets properly?
trouble using/displaying special characters from oracle db in .net app
apache .htaccess rewrite question
java.lang.unsatisfiedlinkerror: native library {____.dll} already loaded in another classloader
how to deploy web service through oracle enterprise manager [java]
sleeping actors?
how do i respond to an internal drag-and-drop operation using a qlistwidget?
problem running my project in ie 6.0 and 7.0
hibernate oracle and character encoding
floatvalue for cgfloat
apache 13 permission denied in user's home directory
can i start a thread by pressing a button in a cocoa interface and keep using interface while thread runs
hibernate: is this mapping allowed?
acessing other webapps while one is in document root
what is sql loader...in details
oracle: how do i convert hex to decimal in oracle sql?
problem running my project in ie 6.0 and 7.0 (window.location)?
problems with drag and drop in an nsoutlineview.
how can i access a subversion repository using a local path in windows?
getting oracle's md5 to match php's md5
differences between two analytic queries
can i use oracle sql to plot actual dates from schedule information?
whats wrong with this first_value query?
should i checkout the full branch when performing only commits with subversion?
sorting objects based on double values?
programmatically activate nsmenuitem
error drawing text on nsimage in pyobjc
how can i refresh core plot without returning from a method?
how can i use maven to get the latest hibernate release?
is there a way to pause an nsthread indefinitely  and have it resumed from another thread?
graph drawing for the web 2.0
when does oracle index null column values?
inheriting std::istream or equivalent
cocoa app - piracy protection
how can i tell which sessions are tracing (after a call to dbms_monitor.session_trace_enable)
how to store dates without times in core data
pl/sql logging - how to control?
how do i retrieve the class name from hibernate?
user getting default apache page instead of website - safari/ff?
drupal: access $profile from a block
is there a tool to read a subversion repository via .net?
filtering a tree controller.
getting the index of the substring on solaris
audio equivalent of qtmovieview?
is there a "right" way to have nstextfieldcell draw vertically centered text?
drupal's profile_save_profile doesn't work in hook_cron, when run by the server's cron
using a single func<t,bool> with where() and inheritance
ejecting a hidden volume
alternative laf to quaqua
storing data in uris after hash
managing swing  ui default font sizes without quaqua
hibernate 'tableless' enum mapping?
hibernate: bad performance when removing element from many-to-many relation.
hibernate many-to-one hql query, when inner join fetch property not associated
finding the leaves of an inductively-defined tree
apache rewrite folder+query to query
in subversion, is it possible to merge back changes made in a branch of a branch?
command to sleep display osx
clone a table's definition with hibernate (hbm2ddl)
hibernate cannot remove child from database
two approaches of task distribution in a multi tier application
hibernate one to many using something other than a primary key
thinking of new way of building a db page populating data via api calls - are there any issues doing it this way
when does selectedcell change?
uninstalling partially installed xcode + iphone sdk
subversion branch question
problems with iboutlet getting nil.
is there anything like haskell's 'maybe' function built into scala?
qpixmap of a qgraphicstextitem
practical use of futures? ie, how to kill them?
get log details for a specific revision number in a post-commit hook with sharpsvn?
div identified by webdevtoolbar isnt in file?
constraintviolationexception vs dataintegrityviolationexception
can you pass stdin into unix host/dig command?
order of slots called on qobject
how can i assign the match of my regular expression to a variable?
gnu make --jobs option in qmake
debugging a cocoa droplet application in xcode
finding a specific element in an nsarraycontroller
a way to parse terminal output / input ? (.bashrc ?)
recalculate attribute on every change of another attribute in core data mo.
incorrect macosx select() behaviour on non-blocking connect
to allow only localhost in apache's 000-default
bash, escaping single-quotes inside of single-quoted strings
using nstask: app freezing after returning output
how to base64 encode /dev/random or /dev/urandom?
encoding string arguments for urls
debugging nsobjectinaccessibleexception - the nsmanagedobject with id:0x123456789  has been invalidated
safari plugin development
apache rewrite with implicit redirection.
do all browsers support php's $_server['http_x_requested_with']?
proxy pass to multiple upstreams
cocoa webview - disable all interaction
qbytearray to integer
finder item in some point
handling very large sftp uploads - cocoa
observing self in cocoa
ankhsvn vs visualsvn
scala: how to define "generic" function parameters?
how to use subversion for non-compiled language?
how to integrate hibernate with jboss 4.2.x server?
how to define a cyclic type definition?
how to use expr on float?
importing pantomime for sending email!
sparkle updater framework
hibernate criteria api - how to order by collection size?
calling an blocking actor from within an actor
should i remove qdebug header for release?
map url to controller
wordpress, cron & time - does time on server affects plugins? how to fix it?
what is the difference between a shared formula and an array formula?
using "git externals" with subversion?
what software switcher (kvm) do you use for multi platform development?
dynamic results and covering data
webview history
iqueryable efficiency
elevating rights to use mach_inject
does clearcase fit our development process?
group by weekdays with core data
d6: how to get at node fields in preprocess_page() ?
customization of hook function
how do i put an qimage with transparency onto the clipboard for another application to use?
cocoa interface builder's 'attributes inspector' like window
apache redirect 301 fails when using get parameters, such as ?blah=...
session variables
websphere and propertyplaceholderconfigurer
springsource tool suite (eclipse) tutorial?
scroll bars in nstokenfield
hibernate - how to cascade delete on detached objects
scala: how to merge a collection of maps
core animation window flip effect
setting up an ftp server on osx server edition
excel:  combobox listfillrange property pointing at a formula-based named range; combobox with a linkedcell, equals bugs
refreshing/replacing beans in the applicationcontext.  possible or am i missing the point?
hibernate (with annotations) - how to get started
xmlhttprequest object not being instantiated?
iphone subview design (uiview vs uiviewcontroller)
is a variable in javascript available after loading an iframe and then going back to the page?
how to add a checkbox in a alert panel?
starting editing on a row as soon as it is added.
infinite loop when running code in terminal from xcode
message reason: image not found
log4j:warn no appenders could be found for logger in web.xml
itunes xml parsing in cocoa
use local git repository with a master subversion repository.
set request header in javascript
what is are differences between int and integer in scala?
drupal: truncate word sentence length function?
add qradiobuttons on runtime.
drupal: upgrade node strategy
hibernate doesn't notice database updates made from other source
can i trust cocoa apis not to fail silently, or do i have to defensively check everything?
how do i get started developing for a web using scala?
web application deployment to limited user population
hibernate manytoone relation to a joined subclass type
.htaccess - redirect anchor link
drupal: staying organized with module changes
hibernate oracle tablespace annotation
jpa/hibernate: can i have a parent without annotations and a child with
hibernate @onetomany - mapping to multiple join tables
easy way to get size of folder (objc/cocoa) ?
jdbctemplate, jpatemplate
problem with prototype framework in cake php
how many connections/how much bandwidth can apache handle?
template method pattern
help me understand apache ab
find all folders in root directory
does hibernate's mappedby automatically makes applications buggy?
table name troubles with hibernate named query
how do i comment a core data schema?
cocoa/objective-c: how much optimization should i do myself?
is there an easy, simple, lazy way to test rules against apache's mod_rewrite?
drop-down js menu blinking in ie7
@autowired and transactionproxyfactorybean?
how to create an ipod-esque uislider
nsstring to fsref conversion doesn't work
suggestions for fun web programming projects at home
how to make an nsstring path (file name) safe
qthread not starting
automatic request to a web page
ssi escape html output
ordinal weekday suffix option for nsdateformatter setdateformat
scala: what is the difference between while(true) and loop?
configure apache to use different unix user accounts (www-data) per site.
java execution context class explain
odd problem using addobserver:forkeypath:options:context: in init method
how to use the alt/option key as the "meta" key in netbeans on os x
.htaccess folder protection
how do i read or write gtk treestores from/to files?
set parent's status bar text?
when close the top window ,how to let the focus to the next level window?
getting to the managed objects in nstableview
php session timeout callback?
how do i convert nsstring to nsdata?
call valang validator in multiactioncontroller modelandview method... possible? how?
restrict access using ssl certs
hibernate and sql server best practicies
drawbacks to using lift (scala-based framework) for webservices?
hibernate + ehcache, keep missing the cache
linq2entities / linq2sql - comprehensive search...
show/hide qdockwidget?
how to calculate a monthly average when the month is not finished
focusing on a tabified qdockwidget in pyqt
phonon videowidget error: "the video widget could not be	initialized correctly"
breaking a cell if it contains a newline character
why doesn't cocoa like this url?
sigpipe exception
encode all urls in drupal?
using custom response headers to help detect site transfers
how to use sbt (simple build tool) with google app engine?
nstableview selection & highlights
is there a way to maintain isajaxrequest() across redirecttoaction?
drupal: multiple node creation
problems with the php script to generate the licenses in aquatic prime
(emulated) macros in haskell?
query about apache (httpd) dumpio log entry for the request body which is coming null on tomcat side
ensure a subprocess is dead in cocoa
hibernate join tables duplicate entry - could not execute jdbc batch update
hibernate increment starting number
core javascript functions to make error, warning or notice messages appear?
compilers for shell scripts
pentaho acegi security framework digest authentication & ruby on rails
cocoa - return information from nsoperation
apple photosearch example code - need help.
removing parts of a cell
html form/database query
animating nsdrawer
apache felix bundle repository - calling from another bundle
simple rewrite rule for a nginx + apache2 with mod_wsgi
hibernate annotation many to many delete problem
create a "universal binary" from two apps?
using nsoperation for threading creates too many objects
how to work with zero dates ("0000-00-00") in hibernate?
how should i think about scala's product classes?
retrieve all foo from hibernate second level cache without a query cache?
run javascript without uiwebview possible?
apache fop: displaying utf-8 characters in pdf (without embed?)
how can i dynamically add and remove <fieldsets> using prototype and scriptaculous?
how to know when a web page is loaded when using qtwebkit?
hibernate criteria contains-in on an association to a table
properties editor design pattern?
osx: changing path of dylib
ghc parse error which i do not understand
how to write that special select query
speeding up creation of nsdictionary from xml?
suppressing / controlling logging in org.apache.xmlrpc.xmlrpcclient ?
add/remove rows to/from nstableview in objective-c
mapping to varchar and nvarchar in hibernate
forcing "drupal_set_message" messages to appear immediately?
nsmutableurlrequest question
hibernate unidirectional one to many association - why is a join table better?
any way to rename image filenames?
which pattern does hibernate follow?
.htaccess apache on cpanel only working in some cases
scala: mutable vs. immutable object performance - outofmemoryerror
html5 canvas with processing vs. pure javascript
[cocoa/objc] find parent directory of a path
how do you add context senstive menu to nsoutlineview (ie right click menu)
status bar on bottom of window that looks like interface builder
apache mod-rewrite folder overwrite
avoiding applescript through ruby: rb-appscript or rubyosa?
hibernate @onetomany without a separate join table
what's the "functional way" to avoid passing state-choosing context down the call stack?
joining two tables over a compound index in hibernate
un-recognized selector sent to instance error.
many-to-many the same pk
countdown timer in cocoa
kvc/kvo and bindings: why am i only receiving one change notification?
cocoa string question
reorganize folders with a script
cocoa core data - background thread
cocoa - singleton object: where to initialize member variables?
haskell: hstringtemplate inheritance example?
basic xmlhttp question
which additional securities do you add to your open source cms installations?
apache modrewrite htaccess problem
is there potential starvation in this code or is it just me?
haskell: parsing error with 'where' and a guard
how does codeandtheory's live search work?
haskell: surprising behavior of "groupby"
resizing mfc dialog with embeded qwinwidget
web based application server implementation
app crashes when updating an highlighted nsmenuitem
nsview leaves artifacts on another nsview when the first is moved across the second
learning applescript
install macruby to specific directory?
making an nstableview display articles from an rss feed.
how does textmate draw it's own key equivalents in nsmenuitem
introduction or simple examples for iteratee?
how do i make a qvector of widgets?
how to rotate a calayer-backed nsview subclass
get annoted hibernate tablename from pojo
system.runtime.interopservices.comexception : this command is unavailable because the license to use this application has expired.
how to change tint color of cocoa's nslevelindicator?
search box in qtoolbar
hide buttons from titlebar in cocoa
how to get hibernate-entitymanager to work with jta out of jboss?
objective c categories and performance?
interface builder segmented controls?
jquery tab gives 404 sometimes when loading remote content
why do applescript "tell" commands run a non-gui instance of my gui application in the background?
inserting a generated value into a hibernate record
cocoa document-based app
nsfilehandle readinbackgroundandnotify does not work
can i make an embedded hibernate entity non-nullable?
practical examples of using symbols in scala?
what is the cocoa equivalent of updatesystemactivity?
how best to debug a crash within objc_msgsend?
is there a simple way to combine a text and icon in an nscell in cocoa?
current text direction (bidi support) in cocoa?
how to implement seasonal logos in drupal?
problem with url rewriting for same .php page
how to insert an "optimizer hint" to hibernate criteria api query
get current playing song using cocoa
.htacess mod_rewrite on root directory but need it to skip all other directories
nsscrollview bar not scrolling through nstableview rows
why the observer in nsnotification called twise....    ?
why are there more files/hardlinks with the same inode than the reference count shows?
hibernate: batch_size? second level cache ?
entity framework - dynamic sql
script to recursively delete cvs directory on server
haskell: -fglasgow-exts should one avoid code that requires this?
multiline nstokenfield and the return key
how can i generate convenient date ranges based on a given nsdate?
binding ikimagebrowserview's zoom to the size of its parent nsscrollview
limit number of jquery drag and drop id's
nsindexpath incrementing values
custom onetoone hibernate/jpa association
how do i rewrite this hibernate-mapping with annotations?
ip address? - cocoa
why the name 'hibernate' chosen for hibernate?
cannot pass message (or call a function) using the outlet of a customized class
how can i filter blog posts by author?
how to notify my js client without polling?
- (void) processimage:(char *)image;  ---char* causes a memory leak?
php content-length header always zero
does not using interface builder buy me anything?
hibernate workflow
how can i make sure that firstordefault<keyvaluepair> has returned a value
gui wrapper for perl command line app on osx
kill process after launching with authorizationexecutewithprivileges
how does [uiview beginanimations] work?
cross-user and cross-process shared settings
run-time error '-2147352567 (80020009)'
nswindowcontroller
how to reverse a qlist?
select in hql (hibernate)
hibernate l2 cache on cluster
vpn in cocoa app
how do i create a directory on remote host if it doesn't exist without ssh-ing in?
what exactly changed when qstandarditemmodel itemchanged is signaled
hibernate entitymanager + jotm: transactions are not used
no results in spotlight in searches against kmditempath
update of of composite entity fails
making an nsbutton in-active.
drupal: custom content type validation
what kind of category methods do you use to make cocoa programming easier?
mod_rewrite: setting get depending on http_host
how can i force the type of an array when initialized in scala?
hibernate mapping class
hql 1 to many count() question
load swf inside nsview
modal custom sheet not closing
haskell: type inference and function composition
converting enum into a class hierarchy
apache mod rewrite - replace : character with another
what is the @package compiler directive for in cocoa?
taglib.framework for cocoa
does scala's bigdecimal violate the equals/hashcode contract?
batch adding attribute to attribute sets
can a range be matched in scala?
object converting string into "a"
osx: how do i find the size of the disk i/o cache (write cache, for example)
calculating columns with core data like sql
give perspective to uiimageview
linux command line: split a string
using relative urls with mod_rewrite
dropdown menu in ie6 inserting too much width, not dropping-down
what are good application containers for mid-tier services for scala?
determine a process's architecture
g:set blocks out my code
how to generate a random real symmetric square matrix with uniformly distributed entries
guess encoding when creating an nsstring from nsdata
how does type deduction work in haskell?
using the apache mahout machine learning libraries
how to escape double quotes in string?
qcalendarwidget as "pop-up", not as new widget?
why does macports take forever to build simple packages?
source install apache 2.2.13 + php 5.3 + snow leopard
where can i store a qaction(group) id?
hibernate or jdbc
upgrading project to xcode 3.2 under snow leopard won't debug
custom/owner draw control in pyqt?
count of chars in nsstring or nsmutablestring?
vb.net equivalent of optional range argument in vba function
how can i resize an nstextfield to fit the text that it holds?
update progress and it shows image while data is pulled from database.  but need  to  block the  screen
apache & jboss use port 80 at the same time
transactional l2 cache in hibernate
set a custom icon for a qaction when disabled
how to map inner object using hibernate/jpa without xml/annotation?
how can i load an nsimage representation of the icon for my application?
what is the great wisdom in defining your own object if i can't do this?
pyobjc and cocoa on snow leopard
use http auth only if accessing a specific domain
contextual munu and action:@selector
what does it mean when authorizationexecutewithprivileges() returns -1?
changing cck title for form
persist collection fields with hibernate
is there a way to use bindings with an editable nssecuretextfieldcell in an nstableview?
finding the latest post by author
automatically log out
transactional strategy for hibernate l2 cache
making the code check to see if the text in a text box matches any of the strings in an nsarray.
command substitution but without breaking output into multiple arguments
covnerting variable to integer
how to detect if filter(s) changed on a worksheet?
how to output a menu showing 3+ levels of a page hierarchy branch ?
maximum size of actor queues?
bind qtcpsocket on dual-homed host
how to create stand-alone lift web application?
apache - rewrite rule confusion [ahhh]
when is it appropriate to use an ear and when should your apps be in wars?
how to write a proper null-safe coalescing operator in scala?
running x11 server on macos x - and connecting from a remote machine
drupal, mssql and iis7
how can i force invalidation of a cocoa program without additional custom code?
start up question..
any risks using macports?
how to access images on a directory outside of the web application
nsbezierpath / line intersection / flatten
suggested resources for learning about blocks in snow leopard
why do we use hibernate annotation?
redirecting back to your site after checking out in 2checkout?
how do i do a single point authentication with php, apache and ldap
applying mod_rewrite rules after directoryindex is applied
why should i use grand central dispatch over openmp?
apache setenvif trouble
how to select a subset of rows of a qtableview that match certain criteria?
getting the path of a application at runtime + cocoa
mamp make the filenames case insensitive
drupal's simpletest not creating copies of custom tables
how to handle permgen space exception in apache
cocoa document-based applications
how do we count rows using hibernate?
hibernate mapping inheritance
how do you programmatically turn off eager fetching with hibernate?
how to get and display post's "position" in the query?
garbage collection of core foundation objects
inheritance via hibernate annotation
passing cgi arguments to an executable in apache on windows
determining manytomany vs onetomany using classmetadata
resizing an nspanel to fit a dynamic nsmatrix and a button
disabling drupal's css/js aggregation for admins
can i have a collection of iusertype instances?
table not created by hibernate
implementing "this is taking too long" message with jquery
what is difference between delete_orphan and delete ?
how do i update a constraint on my calayer?
attempt to create saveorupdate event with null entity
how to create non-blocking methonds in scala?
learning sclala.
massive url change
commandline equivalent to reverse engineering in hibernate tools?
mod_rewrite redirect to url with propietary protocol
imagemagick, snow leopard and pdf conversion
@onetoone getting returned as manytoonetype
cocoa/objective-c: get macbook icon
hibernate not throwing exception when opensession is called and the connection to db cannot be established
cocoa app: how distribute beta versions?
capturing all multitouch trackpad input in cocoa
looking for a skeleton application for a native macosx application (w/ installer script, notify icon, user preferences)
why does the cocoa 64 bit garbage collector not release memory?
string question - cocoa
reading swf header with objective-c
methodinvokingbean question
replace important symbolic link ‘safely’
thickbox problem - appearing at bottom of page
making an nsalert be displayed when the user attempts to delete a row from an nsoutlineview when it has children.
graph database to store several time based data values, result of simulation
scala's for-comprehensions: vital feature or syntactic sugar?
animating rows in an nstableview
mass node_load for drupal?
increase php memory limit (apache, drupal6)
how do i get wp nonce value for my php libcurl script
auto generating hibernate entities
rightmousedown: not called in nscontrol subclass
how to join nsarray elements into an nsstring?
core data bindings with subviews and multiple nibs
not a valid office add in
how to scroll asp.net textbox to bottom
how to format numbers according to locale in haskell?
updating nstableview in an instance of nscollectionviewitem
adding a rule that checks if the user's role has changed?
cast(val as char) in hibernate config named query
drupal: updating with drush doesn't change update status
installing additional apache modules
address bar in cocoa based web browser
how do i reverse escape backslash ecodings like "\ " and "\303\266" in bash?
jpa entitymanager, how does it work??
apache cgi redirect to absolute uri doesn't work
hibernate with tomcat vs hibernate with jboss
loading hibernate property from an external source (hashmap)
modifying content type input page?
adding attributes to q_propertys
adding forced preview to node and change submit button value in drupal?
who owns an nswindowcontroller, in standard practice?
cocoa applications examples
how to find keyboard in /dev on osx
iphone 3g network problem
what information can be gathered about remote host on ssh login
changing the node creation title in drupal?
how to have an nsmenu with dynamic actions
apache returns sitemap.xml not /sitemap
how to mock a static variable in java using jmock
d6: a homepage with only blocks?
what is stored in ~/library/caches/<my-app-bundle>/cache.db ?
adding  libraries in /usr to xcode
commands from .bashrc not available in emacs
drupal: a block with only some external javascript
why does hibernate not find properties when i have hibernate.cfg.xml in my default package classpath?
determine if windowserver is available?
working around nsfilehandle nstask blocking when passing large amounts of data
using node data after node is created
cocoa base 64 implementation for rest auth
how to start playing with lift framework?
is there any set of excercises for scala?
hibernate entity sort column configuration
cocoa + display digital certificates
changing nsapplicationicon across a running application?
mod_rewrite - splitting up arbitary number of terms?
split bytestring on a bytestring (instead of a word8 or char)
drupal: adding simple links to a block
how does  compare two different type of objects in scala?
can hibernate's @version consider changes in related entities?
what are the steps to creating an 'executable bundle'
how do i write a script to ssh to a computer from a remote computer?
using hibernate sequence generators manually
can't create foreign key
qtimer firing issue in qgis(quantum gis)
hibernate security apprehension: hibernate vs. stored procedures
yyyy-mm-dd format date in shell script
hibernate 2nd level cache not caching committed entities
how to include the sqlite3 library "libsqlite3.0.dylib" in my application source file?
adding more information onto the $user object in drupal?
nsmenu with ibaction method for clicking the menu header?
url_rewrite /#/something/here to /something/here
how to add a plugin to safari with cocoa?
in what case would a programmer get the webapplicationcontext out of dispatchservlet?
preserving data integrity in drupal:
can macosx  group multiple nsapplications so they look like one?
how can i turn off all commenting across wordpressmu
lift image upload, resize, store in database, display
unix/osx version of semtimedop
no principal in request after apache basic authentication (basic-auth) with mod_jk
nsmatrix and autoresize only certain cells?
different code / config in release & debug build (obj-c)
find all ppc libraries, binaries and applications in snow leopard
cocoa + nsoutlineview + reloaditem:reloadchildren:
providing data as needed for qtmovie
good object structure for results of my hibernate left outer join
creating a checkbox programatically using cocoa
cocoa+ unmount removable storage
cocoa + nsmenu item
a stackoverflow mapping (hibernate)
hibernate logging with log4j
pcre format to qregexp format
getting an other program output as input on the fly
client side templates in javascript how to bind data
googlemap-like drag and zoom
freezing row 1 and column a at the same time
sql last insert in drupal. is it really threadsafe?
drupal_add_css not working
what is the missing parameter in connection pooling?
how to be notified of the minimize button being pressed in an osx window?
how to change style for nodes in nsoutlineview?
disqus commenting without notification on top
pboard types will be deprecated
hibernate mapping package
hibernate search annotations not inherited
osx equivalent of winscp's fully-automated local-remote sftp sync?
stackoverflow "related questions"
nspredicateeditor and relationships
problem using network package in ghc
ways to improve this code
using nsfontpanel in cocoa
python - virtualenv , python 3?
nstableview troubles
appdelegate or appcontroller
using .htaccess and mod_rewrite in a directory (not root)
how to use qmake's subdirs template?
nsdocument architecture pros and cons
apache mod_rewrite going berserk - redirecting where it shouldn't
what is the reason for nsfilemanager's inconsistent use of nsurl?
how to work with assertequal with parameterized types
setting one side of an nssplitview programmatically
reading/writing qobjects
qsqlquery with international chars does not return a result
does the isselect-method of qsqlquery return true when a stored procedure is executed?
compress a mysqldump that is ssh'd to another machine
what's the real advantage of using scriptmanager.registerclientscriptresource?
apache rewrite does not redirect
javascript and css
how to use the hibernate optimistic locking version property on the front end?
this is asking a lot, i know, but: help me translate this glossary plugin for wp
any reason to use nsviewanimation over coreanimation techniques?
testing for gui in .bashrc
incompatible types found: required: default enums in annotations
parsing older spreadsheetml schemas
configure mod_jk with  mod_rewrite
browser plug-ins not loading in webview implementation
native stored proc v/s hibernate
nhibernate one-to-many relationship lazy loading when already loaded
how can i decide the no of connection required in connection pooling?
what are the ways to run a server side script forever?
rendering images with processing.org on java servlet
keep qpixmap copy of screen contents using x11, xdamage, xrender, and other tricks.
about hibernate namednativequery
retrieving the selected object in an nsoutlineview.
get all pixel coordinates of a vector inside a image
amcharts rendering data incorrectly.
cocoa bindings/nstextfield/bindings
hibernate mapping error
[basiclazyinitializer] javassist enhancement failed
how do you enable hibernate query cache on a session level only?
how to iterate in snap framework without cabal install
fetch itunes album artwork without itunes running
how to use native c types with performselectoronmainthread:?
or is not valid c++ : why does this code compile ?
qfontmetrics::leading() returns 0
printing an nsimage
apache & php folder permissions
how to build a consolidated pivot table when the source data contains column headings that are dates?
which implementation of markdown for a cocoa application?
how to automatically expand all children of an nsoutlineview in cocoa?
lsopenurlspec error
cocoa + what ui element should i use?
how to get started with cocoa application development?
hibernate createsqlquery bulk insert
improving this url with .htaccess and mod_rewrite
hibernate update with 1:many mapping
500 error when trying to add expires header to .htaccess
"cp --parents" in ms-dos/vbscript
drupal: different output for first item in a block
how do i tell when a cups print jobs has been completed plus info about that job?
static libraries in version-cross-compiled program
how to set the line where a qtoolbar is displayed?
increase jvm heap size for scala?
awkward monad transformer stack
creating cocoa popupmenus programatically and getting code form a gui item built with the interface builder
blocking specific extensions in htaccess
cocoa core data self referential interface builder question
same bean id on different xml file, will it merge?
cannot run jboss cache as a second level cache for hibernate in jboss 5
how to add a menu into the safari menubar or add a button into it's mainwindow?
hibernate template close transaction
osx php.ini memory limits
how to change behaviour of qmainwindow / qdockwidget separator
open a terminal window to a specified folder from a cocoa app.
handling "open document" (odoc) events in snow leopard
possible to change location of the login landing?
correctly handling mouse events with nscontrol and nscell?
creating a nag screen for a cocoa app
dynamic menu item in drupal?
testing for writability of bsd socket in cocoa.
when i set nhibernate "adonet.batch_size" the sql not logged any more.
change alpha on main window - cocoa
testing quickcheck properties against multiple types?
url segment support macosx 10.6
concurrent network client in cocoa
eclipse cdt on snow leopard cannot find binaries
generate value for a property in hibernate
cocoa helper app
limiting fckeditor to only one input format in drupal?
multi-column sort with vba
unrecognized selector sent to instance with a drawer
configure apache with sql
exc_bad_access when using nsoutlineview
many types of string (bytestring)
what is free tagging?
generate vector code from haskell?
duplicate records in core data on fetch
sound generation
mapping a natural key with hibernate annotations
casting an mmapped bytestring to other types?
storing modified image in iphone.
help!performance issue with apache, php and symfony~
how to keep database connect alive?
how to register new schema in cocoa/objective-c?
how to detect transaction conflicts with hibernate?
apache 2.2 localhost virtualhosts problems
making the text in a text cell change color when the rows checkbox has been checked.
before login action
using calender store.
hibernate lazy initialization help
hibernate ignores fetch="join" on a collection when navigating the object tree with iterator
hibernate self join
can i limit apache+passenger memory usage on server without swap space
how to add a hibernate property that's really a query
is it better to use the state monad, or to pass state recursively?
nstextview with tokens
run apache 2.2 as a single httpd.exe for debugging.
nstableview, multiple cells and bindings
changing target table for hibernate mapping
grouping non-cck fields in drupal?
nstask returning http headers
drupal: how to return only content and not the whole layout?
retrieving all of an nstreecontroller's objects.
turning threaded, reverse chrono drupal story comments into reddit-style comments
how to change suffix: bundle into webplugin in the folder products with xcode project?
self-extracting web environment
integrating apache and restlet server like apache and tomcat
awk pattern macthing
apache tomcat 6 problem not found(404)
how do i make my pojos transactional?
double request from mod-rewrite
so i compiled something with maven, now what do i do with it?
how does one relaunch finder programmatically?
what are the most valuable parts of computer science studies for cocoa developers?
instance of fractional [char] required for definition?
how can i get error message in form:errors tag by using multiactioncontroller ?
how to debug the main safariplugin project ?
placing one vocabularly underneath another?
securing xml plists in cocoa / objective c
libraries "rt" and "dl" in cygwin
what is the best alternative way of montoring apache active mq other than using jmx api
unable to publish web app: springsource tool suite problem?
drupal: create custom search
cocoa check for updates
php server settings causing problem
configure apache 6 with mysql
qdockwidget - remove handle
adding caltasks from an nsarray.
druapl form alter to populate url arguments
pivot table values are now screwy
how would i do multiple concurrency in scala, without the need for messages?
cocoa menu with images
using qfilesystemmodel in a qcompleter
cannot reach readystate=4
scala: how do i dynamically instantiate an object and invoke a method using reflection?
scala: elegant conversion of a string into a boolean
hibernate: clean collection's 2nd level cache while cascade delete items
what folder should my application write its launchd file?
handling multiple databases with hibernate in a single application
retrieve emebedded or component using hibernate criteria api
compression of content on apache and tomcat
how do i help prevent my users from initiating a drag accidentally in cocoa?
htcaccess - modrewrite
most effective row removal strategy for qstandarditemmodel
how to create argument tokens (c++ in unix)
stuck with jvm, sick of java... where to go?
how to highlight a row in nstableview. very simple question
implement ip camera
nspredicate case-insensitive matching on to-many relationship
form based login while also applying rest principles
get rid of newapplication in a dynamic way?
hibernate does not maintain reference. do you know why ?
retrieving the first non-option command line argument
cocoa/ objective-c shell command line execution
hibernate usertype nullsafeset - how to know if called for insert/update or select
comparing two arrays.
online based apache web log analyzer by submitting just the raw logfile
how to define the webpluginmimetypesfilename in the plist of a safari webplugin project?
can you tell if hook nodapia (or any hook) is being run from batch mode?
what uses have you found for higher-rank types in haskell?
attributes on many-to-many relationships (hibernate)
transparent icons on toolbar draw ugly borders
@foreignkey in hibernate 3.5-beta1
receiving keydown and keyup events in a cocoa status bar app
adding to a tree controller from an nsarray.
can you return an unevaluated function in scala?
what are the ways to convert/encode to aac in cocoa?
how do i go from 1.4795e+004 to 14795.00 ??
nstextfield on top of custom drawing - black outline and cursor not blinking?
setopaque:yes vs clearcolor
hibernate: foreign key has the wrong number of columns
drupal's auto node title and node_save?
making a nspopupbutton display all my ical calandars.
making a method happen every 60 seconds when the app is running.
how to compile a dynamic library?
how to add a filter to `tail -f` output that would issue an audible alarm given matching input?
which set of modules must i use to add a google map linked to an address in drupal?
cck field prefixes?
wildcard expansion - searching for one in a set of possibilities
how does rubygems modify $path
drupal: how to format email message using node invite module?
is there a way to force apache to return 404 instead of 403?
need to write a program to sanely configure a login shell
how to find the culprit module or script on huge apache/php resident memory usage ?
is it possible to send a growl message to another user on the same computer on osx?
is there a built-in more elegant way of filtering-and-mapping a collection by element type?
how to handle xml character reference in scala?
make apache wait longer before delivering http 408 request timeout
center qgraphicsview in widget
what is the purpose of (apache) putting inode into an etag?
grails formremote redirects rather than to just call method
forcefully trigger a rule in drupal?
how to create relationships with the friendlist module in drupal?
how do i setup multiple type bounds in scala?
how to format/change qmake/make output
display required fields
comet, tomcat and read events
why does qwebframe::evalutatejavascript do nothing in this case?
how do i join tables on non-primary key columns in secondary tables?
sslverifyclient not asking for certificate
fit-to-width for a qwebview
why does hibernate-entitymanager-3.3.2.ga depend on hibernate-3.2.6.ga?
something like mapm, but for arrays? (like arraymap, but mapping an impure function)
how do i make a certain text style larger?
qtabwidget tab context menu
convert xml based configuration to annotations
how to log the time taken by methods in springframework?
preventing form_token from rendering in "get" forms
handling transactions spanning across database servers
installing boost libraries on snow leopard
php using too much memory
signal and slots for customized class
how to use sift algorithm to compute how similiar two images are?
how do you call a function defined in .bashrc from the shell?
hibernate criteria - exclude records with same id but different attribute values
date popup module - i want a time popup as well
my app is maxing out cpu usage in firefox
how to do something like this in scala?
how to add filterclass into applicationcontext?
is there a way to optimise this program in haskell?
how to change hibernate's default fetching strategy?
hibernate hql problem using case keyword
asp.net mvc invoking webservice through ajaxoptions.url
intelligent keyword searching
hibernate named query parameter
drupal: theming category pages
why would "/id" as a http get parameter would be a security breach ?
on string creation for queries in hibernate and whether those queries would reduce object creation if they were final static
why do processes spawned by cron end up defunct?
get short user name from full name
why doesn't the jpa spec (including 2.0) or hibernate extension allow u to specify a generator e.g. oracle sequence for the @version annotation
a general way to get the front page of another language, in multi-lingual drupal?
access to qtabbar instance
git instaweb httpd configuration to use apache2 on osx leopard server
how to create a link that triggers printing of a file?
how to avoid installing unnecessary dependencies with macports?
connect points and compute area
why i cannot use my apache server?
what is a good reference for server side development?
how do i do python-style indent/dedent tokens with alex/haskell?
drupal: drupal_set_message doesnt display a message
removing [nid:n] in nodereference autocomplete
deleting 'qnetworkreply *' returned by qnetworkaccessmanager::post
in scala, how would to declare static data inside a function?
grep with "half"-exact match
give away signs that a site is drupal?
using an ioservice port reference to turn off a device...
problem managing session with multiple data sources
how can i display an environment variable from within exce?
is the timeout directive of apache overrideable in htaccess or inside of a <virtualhost>?
rotation about the y-axis
mangento in postgres or oracle database ?
in qt4, how to check if paintevent is triggered by a resize?
apache - using spaces in a redirect 301 ( mod_alias ) ?
how to programmatically retrieve ghc package information?
set-cookie and expires differ
could someone reccommend video tutorial websites for beginners?
library support for scala's notnull trait
mocking a hibernate custom value type
what are good video tutorials for hibernate ?
can i use nsspeechsynthesizer from javascript?
scope of a controller and a validator
how to make apache rewrite this url ?
how to detect the compile-time ./configure options of apache 1.3?
correct way to force an invoice e-mail to be sent to a user in ubercart?
mod rewriting? slash to subdomain possible?
hibernate default joining for nullable many-to-one
need help with some hibernate relational mappings
how to verfiy information using standard linux/unix filters?
hibernate criteria query - class cast exception
difference between iterator and stream in scala?
query limit issue with php and mysql (drupal 6)
how do you migrate cck fields between environments in drupal?
parser combinator: how to terminate repetition on keyword
hibernate criteria query on different properties of different objects
how to create bean of type class?
linux: gnu sort does not sort seq
does mongrel do ipv6 well?
can't read variable that was stored from within a while loop, when out of the while loop.
hibernate inheritance strategy and why
developing a osx deamon that runs before user login using xcode.
configure continuum 1.2.3 with maven2 project; "username isn't defined."
guard is skipped when it should not be.
how to change a qpushbutton icon when it has focus?
how to use join in an hql update?
server side mvc +client side mvc
handling wild card subdomains with apache, excluding www, including sef
button in updatepanel requires two clicks to fire
webgate configuration problem
when was <input type=search> introduced in safari
hibernate transaction boundaries
tformfwd and tforminv - what's the difference?
x84_64 compatibility with 10.5.8
pattern matching functors in scala: mystified by warning
tinymce adds <pre> tag when inserting from word
simple tooltip plugin/js for rails
mod_rewrite rewritecond backreference not working
scala: comparing fresh objects
apache htmlunit..... problem in handling javascript
iphone sdk on powerpc?
how can grep interpret literally a string that contains an asterisk and is fed to grep through a variable?
capture screen image in c++ on osx
web page finish loading before all images is completed
cascade on many-to-one association in hibernate
how do i use qmake to build multiple binaries in a single project?
how to control the position of qdialog
using conditional statements inside 'expect'
drupal: how to theme node add/edit page for specific node type?
dimension reduction
weird behaviour with two trac instances under apache + mod_wsgi
warning: ignoring excess mask dialog entries in:
prototype serialize returns function instead of serialized string
set timeout on jquery .load
favorites star switching in javascript
is it possible to use placeholder in context.xml
java5 on snow leopard
wordprss permalinks set
hibernate mapping for situation, where the the key is also used as many-to-one parameter
qtcpsocket in qthread
apache -> mysql multiple connections vs one connection
throwing specific error messages in plsql oracle...catching in hibernate?
faster dec2bin funtion for large amount of conversion
javascript - how do i call a function from a string name and pass an array object?
how to determine optimum prepared statement cache size when using hibernate
hibernate immutable value object
drupal: display variables in an embedded node
how is (==) defined in haskell?
increasing serverlimit & maxclients on apache
calculating hdiutil's compression ratio
apache rewrite rule with parameters?
using j2ep on an apache-tomcat cluster - design help
what does scala's "try" mean without either a catch or finally block?
i need to develop a project involving hardware which should also work the same on windows as well as macs. whats the way forward?
debugging problems shutting down apache tomcat
mod rewrite setup
hibernate queryexception couldn't resolve property
load content into parent element with jquery
hibernate with zk
hibernate case-insensitive utf-8/unicode collation that works on multiple dbms
merge a 1 x n array to a 1 x 1 array without using loop
what is chud remover? (came with xcode on os x)
converting binary to decimal without using loop
compute child table values in formula field of hiberntate
deleting qwinwidget
drupal: how to override css of a certain block?
displaying series of bitmap in form of a movie
javascript if(function_foo()) doesn't wait for function_foo() to complete
preserving whitespaces in a string as a command line argument
drupal: include small form in page.tpl.php
ip blocking urls on apache
why it is allowed to point to constructors parameters?
qthread issues. crash after 2058 runs.
calculating the difference between two java date instances
can i rewrite from subdomain to folder avoiding redirection?
hql join fetch question: aliasing association
displaying qtextedits over the window
hibernate inheritance mapping and attribute override
how does scalatest syntax work?
apache lags when responding to gzipped requests
haskell: force floats to have two decimals
from ms .net to web development options on osx
$content variable in node.tpl.php (drupal 5)
hibernate - how to use an enumeration as map's key
how to configure apache to proxy exactly one file?
htaccess rewrite
hibernate:  projection of a many-to-one in a criteria
bundle product shows price as 0
help making my root directory not executable for cgi scripts
how should an os x drawing programs store custom data in its pdf pasteboard flavor?
how to rewrite url in tomcat 6
how to encode url in apache rewrite?
springjunit4classrunner initialize beans for each test?
hibernate: unmapped class association exception
table called group, hibernate, db2 and hsql
does functional programming mandate new naming conventions?
hibernate detachedcriteria in from clause
apache tomcat server on linux
lift and eclipse rcp integration
hibernate: id generator using increment and oracle schema
int vs integer: type mismatch, found: int, required: string
getting wp functions to return rather than printing immediately
possible to save a node using a multi-step form?
i already have php installed, what's the easiest (best) way to get gdlib installed?
entity intercepted when a collection element updated
apache mod_rewrite issue with wamp - shows error 404 not found - joomla 1.5.14 with sef url
how to create a custom 404 page for my django/apache?
is hibernate entity callback methods are only called by using entitymanager
how to know a entity is going to insert or update
osx: launching multiple instances of an app and passing them command line args
how can i quote the data within my cells?
again: spring3/hibernate3/testng: some tests give lazyinitializationexception, some don't
how can i configure apache to map  /talk.html?id=77 to the file that is called talk.html?id=77  ?
what is the cause and how to fix 503 errors with this in apache error_log: "broken pipe: ajp_ilink_send(): send failed"
how can i resolve this ambiguous type variable error?
retrieve auto-detected hibernate dialect
source.getline - the line index, first line is 1
solve ode without nested functions
xlsio datetime incorrect by about 4 years
how to query distinct values from map with given key in hibernate?
connection reset by peer error
getting error when submitting form using springmvc and rest
algorithm for best-effort classification of vector
is setting the uploads folder 777 permision secure
update father on interceptor
suphp upgrade causing 500 internal server error
redirecting audio output
really basic mod_rewrite question...
apache2 + rewritemap + python -- when returning 'null', apache hangs
how do i use tr to substitute '--' string
hibernate annotations generating query that produces sqlgrammarexception
is there a way to emulate a qgroupvboxlayout?
matching a line with a literal asterisk "*" in grep
apache james as a transparent smtp proxy?
haskell. strict application $!
why is method overloading not defined for different return types?
apache, php and mysql portable?
how to use rewriterule in apache to redirect from /abc/ to /abc?
xampp: i edited php.ini, and now apache crashes
how to find global position of text cursor?
spreadsheet: count repeated values in a column
creating a draggable widget system
problems communicating with external editor in qt4
powerbook compiler queries
using comparision operators in scalas pattern matching system.
is it possible to have a qwidget as a child to a qobject?
scala: how to inherit a "static slot"?
haddock for cabal-installed modules?
insert low_priority or insert delayed in hibernate
design pattern for translatable hibernate models
how do you name a function in template.php to get picked up by theme() calls in page.tpl.php?
is there a helper to know whether a property has been loaded by hibernate ?
scala: set a field value having it´s name in a  string
qgraphicsitem unselect redraw problem
can i insert multiple copies of a widget in a form at runtime?
apache web-server config, what is redirecting me and how can i change it
@immutable vs @entity(mutable=false) in hibernate
issue using hibernate criteria object with composite key
does fluent-hibernate exist?
hibernate cannot recover after socket has timed out
faces conversion service is not found for converting 'datamodel'
mod_rewrite: periods from uri gone in the query string
issue with haskell's "do"
selected index of a vba combobox
problems with arraylist items and hibernate
best book to learn web development for a professional developer?
how to get model errors in ajaxsubmit?
how to retrieve data which caused unique constraint violation (via hibernate)?
access denied | uncaught exception in ff 2.0 | servlet call from another host
converting large array of 8 bit binary
hibernate question
hibernate sessionfactory
how do i write a qmake project file(.pro) that i can set project name when opening it in vs-addin?
understanding the different dispatchers in akka 2
building osx app bundle
is it possible to redirect traffic from page that doesn't exist to existing page with .htaccess?
vba and private functions
how can you tell if a directory is writeable in objective-c?
how to designate a thread pool for actors
scala: why does underscore (_) initialization work for fields but not method variables?
regex match a string with spaces (use quotes?) in an if statement
how to set qwidget cursor outside the gui thread
using entity id as a reference in hibernate
(13)permission denied: access to /cgi-bin/test.cgi denied
qwidget, how to highlight the widget under the cursor
running multiple sites on a lamp with secure isolation
implementing result paging in hibernate
java coding best-practices for reusing part of a query to count
two shortcuts for a qabstractbutton
setting expires header for a specific uri?
construct xml with dynamic label and attributes in scala?
apache ant command line arguments without double quotes - is it possible?
hibernate hql query - complicated
what would you do instead of using nsviewcontroller to be compatible with 10.4?
hibernate 2nd level cache invalidation when another process modifies the database
need some help synch'ing outer loop counter with dialog.onconfirm()
how to set selected filter on qfiledialog?
plotting matworks logo and heartshape
bluetooth example code for cocoa (objective-c)
no hibernate session bound to thread
how to create and read a sequence in hibernate?
executing a method from another class in java(and more)
how to clear php $_session by apache?
is it possible to destroy loaded javascript, including function & local variable?
using type aliases to java enums
font used in quicksilver - large text?
dynamic mapping in hibernate?
qt4 login window
worpdress custom field problem
pyqt custom widget in c++
weaknesses of hibernate
explanations about the mechanics of a simple factorial function
how to enable .htaccess in httpd.conf on windows xp?
hibernate with oracle jdbc issue
hibernate constraint violation/error rolling back
can apache balancermember be configured to use unix domain sockets?
scala: how to "store" a function in a var?
a better way to test the value of an option?
how to make qmake compile multiple cross platform binaries
how to enable context menu on a verticalheaderitem inside a qtablewidget?
can i make qcompleter complete inline and show a popup.
how to manually create an apache windows service
menukey functionality in osx 10.5 and 10.6?
hibernate takes 10 mins to throw exception when database is down
webservicice with apache cxf and custom headers.
jquery post failing on production, works on local system
unnecessary (?) xcode warning
hibernate constraintviolationexception in join table
purposefully slow function
apache: i want to enable ssi. can anyone furnish an example config file?
jmeter command line - linux version vs windows version
internal server error
qdesktopservices::openurl with resource
how to disable css access outside from hosting domain?
using mod_rewrite to redirect 70+ urls with variables
laziness and tail recursion in haskell, why is this crashing?
how do you create an alias in cocoa? is a symlink good enough?
what's the best way to find if the processor type is ppc or intel in cocoa? (do i have to use carbon?)
inputbox and menubox simultaneously
problems using eclipse hibernate plugin - could not locate sessionfactory in jndi
how to use sed to test and then edit one line of input?
silently modifying nodes
apache indexing question...
provide user with "change permissions" link on content type?
apache timeout directive not working?
cocoa application help
hibernate hql elements error
tuple parameter declaration and assignment oddity
hibernate: connect to mysql without username or password
upgrade hibernate-annotations and hibernate-validator
what does apache need to support both mysqli and pdo?
hibernate exception
hibernate-validator: @notempty does not work for null values
problem with japanese/international characters with iis7 url rewrite
communicate to apache server
using the same service & dao from two threads
how to configure hibernate with eclipse galilio
apache - prettifying urls with mod_rewrite while also catching some edge cases
trouble with writing hibernate query
apache basic authentication
scala: public static final in a class
transactionproxyfactorybean when switching from configuration-based service beans to annotation based service beans
apache ant wildcards
pass url parameter web flow
can liftm differ from lifta?
sqlite dialect error with hibernate
scala: overflow despite use of long when adding
htaccess rewrite not working for all rules
can i develop a mobile website using drupal?
my cgi script can't write to cgi-bin folder of apache
transactional services => beannotofrequiredtypeexception, should be advice, but is transactioninterceptor
what is macid ?
hibernate lazy loading
drupal: passing variable from preprocess to template.php?
handling a qtextedit from another form
hibernate property formula how 2 get more than 1 row?
hibernate how to retrieve a hierarchy object
parsing xls with groups
who can hack the code to make it work with .icon?
the best way to synchronize client-side javascript clock with server date
onetoone mapping with hibernate/jboss/seam
equals and hashcode in hibernate
how to write numbers in lambda using ghci
how do i create a node count for each each category term in drupal?
dynamically added html does not dynamically remove with jquery in cakephp
content replacement from external website
changing a user created control based on content of input from js tied textbox
resources of macintosh development
instantiate object with reflection using constructor arguments
drupal: how can one hook exit in a custom module be called in every page request?
apache plgin for ntlm for getting  log in user name.
hibernate on hypersonic in prodaction?
saving nodes with a filefield
ajaxcontroltoolkit accordion and databinding
@secondarytable annotation problem
hibernate on oracle: mapping string property to clob column
performance effect of enabling apache response time log directive
launch apache 2.2 on static ip
can i construct a bigint with any byte array (scala)?
unixodbc driver suppot in osx?
how to make a custom nsformatter work correctly on snow leopard?
setting mod_python's interperter
fetching join using @jointable with sqlquery
apache: cgi links lead to a "you have chosen to open foo.cgi", although scriptalias is set
does hibernatetemplate work with envers? if so, how?
jsp or .ascx equivalent for scala?
help with hibernate collection foreign key mapping
hibernate detached queries as a part of the criteria query
how to get blocks/grand central dispatch working in snow leopard
hibernate updating database sctructure with new indexes
module 'eaccelerator' already loaded php warning
how to display css backgroundimage when the source redirects?
creating an aggregate blog?
can't access resizablearray's protected method, swap, from subclass, arraybuffer?
hibernate many-to-many association with the same entity
problems with multiple qapplications
hibernate question on sessions
in haskell, how do i recursively manipulate a tuple and preappend a character to the first element in the tuple?
why browsers sometimes render site bad?
how do i convert jsp facelets to code in a servlet ?
hibernate foreign key
removing some rows based on criteria - solving this by pivot tables
what is the difference between putting @autowired to a variable and a method ?
delete entity that map with another entity
hibernate n+1 from select across multiple tables
apache | ab | socket: cannot allocate memory (12)
scala: 'def foo = {1}' vs 'def foo {1}'
how to redirect based on accept-language with apache / mod_rewrite
a script to ssh into a remote folder and check all files?
run code in hibernate filters
how to use frominteger in haskell?
gui toolkit for asp.net
how to style qtabbar close button
retrieving and loading third level refferenced classes through hql
hibernate how to create createalias left join?
transfer mysql to sqlite
apache config - exclude subdirectories
hibernate lazy initlaization exception
identity from sql insert via jdbctemplate
can anyone tell me why apache will not work, for my django?
hibernate session error
apache benchmark - randomized querystrings?
how to find out if there is an "." in an nsstring?
on-demand eager loading
is it possible to have packagemaker build an installer without "packaging" the content at build time?
ajax to do real time db polls like twitter's "real time results" in coldfusion
pointer wont return with assigned address
how to sort by line length, then reverse alphabetically
in apache, if i go to https://mysite.com, the page itself is over https, but all images/links are http://. is there way to auto rewrite the html so its all https://?
socket "read" hanging if the macbook sleeps more than 10 minutes
is there a way to define reusable properties to n-hibernate mappings?
removing .php with mod_rewrite
add products to ubercart cart with javascript
how to detect that localhost web site is closed and then shout apache web server
how to run a windows 2008 task from the scheduler with "interact with desktop"
will memcache help with expensive mysql queries? (drupal site)
tricky hibernate criteria
how do i auto-adjust the size of a qdialog depending on the text length of one of its children?
multiple loop working, function inside isn't
menu of app in status bar wont work on snow leopard
set a type in vba to nothing?
cast function for hibernate
anyone ever flip (<$>)
xampp on falshdrive cannot start apache, mysql on windows 7
how to remove spacebar action from qtoolbutton
how can i autoexpand an item in a qtreeview when it is filtered by qsortfilterproxymodel?
how to count the number of times a fuction was called, the fp way
apache - ubuntu desktop edition 9.04
progress bar using javascript
hibernate hql: how to use a complex left join fetch
apache: rewriterule leads to segfault
hibernate post initialization
getting strange characters in text in drupal...probably encoding issues, but how to solve
proxy url without authentication
css: how to increase the size of a osx submit button
how do i get mod_rewrite to work in my home directory?
how do i redirect to my same url without getting a too many redirects error?
intercepting keystrokes in osx
apache mod rewrite ruleset
hibernate subclass one to one mapping
apache webserver & jboss ajp connectivity with https
styling a qscrollbar by qstyle
set screen-title from shellscript
term for rotating header
hibernate criteria api equivalent for "elements()"
.htaccess rewrite to default language folder?
is there a way to package a dynamic library in the application binary?
client scritp and get call back event reference.
getting an application context
cannot get bean from flowscope
how to set a folder as classpath in jarbundler
what is the real version for "apache/2.0.63 (unix)" in a http response header?
monitor filesystem activity of a child process on os x with normal user privileges
applescript to launch itunes with a specific library
lookup shell variables by name, indirectly
hiding a qwidget on a qtoolbar?
basics of normalized cross correlation
hibernate: persisting objects
copy method fail due to memory
sala and html parseing
value object or entity object in my hibernate mapping?
should i use imagemagick or gd2 with imageapi in drupal?
map function for custom n-ary tree
what does the : infix operator do in haskell?
replacing an element in a n-ary tree
codeigniter backend frontend .htaccess router
differences between hugs, yhc and ghci
switch user and output variable contents
how to implement efficient sorting algorithms for multiple processors with scala?
drupal: creating anchor only link with l()
add principal/authority dynamically for anonymous user
hibernate entity with user defined attributes
activemq maven plugin configuration
why doesn't scalac optimize tail recursion?
hibernate: page results and know the result size
regular expression with redirectmatch does anything
hibernate interceptors : aftertransactioncompletion
cannot get featurespec structure to show up in the output when combined with junitsuite
how to collect system info in osx using objective c
scala: xml whitespace removal?
why can i not insert a qstackedwidget inside a custom widget?
abandoned apache process, how long will it go on?
difference in website display depending on domain
apache, iis... server explanation for a newbie
perform or on two hash outputs of sha1sum.
what does hibernate map a boolean datatype to when using an oracle database by default?
using qframe to display different panes of information?
print query string in hibernate with parameter values
what is a proper way to manage a flexible, typed, immutable data structures in scala?
question about [[]], [] and $#
how do i determine if the item is selected or not in the paint() function of qitemdelegate?
how do i filter a collection by a yesno type attribute?
find the corners of a polygon represented by a region mask
haskell, chaining filters
styling qpushbutton with css?
what is primitive recursion?
how can i determine objects in application context?
eval to variable failing (w/crontab)
how to define an inverse cascade delete on a many-to-one mapping in hibernate
testing simultaneous calls to transactional service
is it possible to use unary function instead of binary in `flip`?
magenot - add link to my account in main menu navigation bar
generate square mesh, given an unordered x, y and z vectors
pattern matching data types in haskell.  short cuts?
what does the console error 'unable to clear quarantine' mean?
batch create users?
pointer equality in haskell?
is the following utility class thread-safe?
finding whether or not an item is contained within an k-ary tree
plotting 4 curves in a single plot, with 3 y axes
qobject::findchild returns wrong address when used with a custom widget plugin
mod_rewrite: rewriting / to cgi script
what does this python code do:  shell=(sys.platform!="win32"))
how do i implement tostring() in a class that is mapped with hibernate?
custom comment form in cck template
is there any way to observe change in database table throught hibernate?
'xmlhttprequest is undefined' ie6
can a class inherited from qthread behave as a normal class?
javascript vs jquery?
content taxonomy along with conditional fields
should i just let the user hang?
how to filter a product collection using 2 category filters?
drupal, rules, flag, date
refactoring val to method results in compile-time error
http basic authentication: redirect to an account creation/reset page on fail or cancel.
font of page title appears different on browsers in windows and on linux
how to clear the intellij project index?
simpleformcontroller help
if the nothing type is at the bottom of the class hierarchy, why can i not call any conceivable method on it?
hibernate causing too many time_wait connections
springjunit4classrunner -- can i change the lifetime of the injected resources?
deleting named ranges in vsto
hibernate query with fetch question
how can i see my apache rails server from other computers on my local network?
controlling osx windows
the administration section where i post blogs. the textarea height is set to 209px how to change this?
[haskell]calculating a product recursive only using addition
is there a way to have all radion buttons be unchecked
using scala, how does one differentiate xml elements having elements as children, or having text?
how to configure something like phpmyadmin in windows and linux?
using annotations to implement a static join in hibernate
wrap stray text in <p> tags
change size of user/password login box
how to get 64-bit binaries from ghc for snow leopard?
generate contour given x, y and z  vectors
styling qtableview cells
how to search within json document in apache solr lucene
apache worker mpm and linux threads
ie7 onsubmit return false in function may fail?
scala: defining main method that can be used by 'java'
ie doesn't wait for result of $.post(
vba - calling a function which accepts parent object as variable
lift cometactor: organizing html generated by render and fixedrender
scala: something like option (some, none) but with three states: some, none, unknown
apache: deploying a new site to the server
libtiff.3.dylib: unknown required load command 0x80000022
javascript or xul windows without iframe
auto-generated form value
parse players currently in lobby
are peekcstring and peekcstringlen lazy?
theming for/with javascript?
effecient queue in haskell.
itunes plugin programming: intercept events
hibernate - changing connection string during runtime
competitive learning in neural networks
connecitnf to ms sql through hibernate
html checkbox change value in mysql
cgwindowid from axuielement
adding  #ifndef  #define  #endif breaks the compile
how do i assign a value to a property where the property name is supplied at runtime in vba?
extract the last directory of a pwd output
how to stop nsscrollview from scrolling to top when horizontally resizing contained nstextview?
multiply a 3d matrix with a 2d matrix
how to tell whether a dylib is compiled for 10.6 or 10.5?
saving qlist<t> to a file?
how does the osx finder recognize a png file?
qtpython qtreewidget problem
is this possible in hibernate 3.2
apache server, how can i stop the server to create those error_log
how to get nsalert sheet to return focus to calling window?
hibernate encoding
could/should an implicit conversion from t to option[t] be added/created in scala?
how do i configure apache to forward some urls to two resin containers?
invalidmappingexception  hibernate mapping file...anybody can you give resolution
how to subclass an object with a var in its primary constructor
defaultmessagelistenercontainer not working with websphere mq
async execution of tasks for a web application
how to get hibernate configuration properties?
making category image a link
hibernate map collection with constant key
what are annotations in hibernate?
exception thrown after processing onsubmitaction
how to solve qpixmap::fromimage memory leak?
hibernate: outofmemoryerror persisting blob when printing log message
fresh rails install on osx gives me "rails requires rubygems >= 1.3.2"
is pretty xstream serialization feasible with scala?
is there a .net port of drupal?
macports confusion
what happens if hibernate_sequences table is accidentally reset?
why is the springsource.com website built in drupal?
how can i serialize (and later deserialize) a generic type in scala?
qt4.5: using event-loop based localsocket before app.exec
how to make modeless dialog stay on top of its parent in solaris cde
scala: anything like python/ruby development mode?
wordpressl how to array the child categories without any html tags?
linking gui app against a static lib in qtcreator
set values for an exposed field in a block (in drupal)?
how to change node languages in batches?
precompiled headers and compiling universal objects on osx
debugging apache perl script that communicates over ssh via expect
format the output of qdebug for qmaps
apache modrewrite refactor question
how come it is so expensive?
set/get fn-lock for a macos application
how to set time in ajex slider control?
raise parseerror in haskell/parsec
hql with a collection in the where clause
adodb.connection undefined
pass variable from module to theme template when using drupal_render
how to separate j2ee web application for apache and tomcat
multiple @manytomany sets from one join table
problem with rewriterule and apache
imap_open mbox windows
how to find the named range of a cell - vsto
using hibernate criteria api to query many-to-one relationships with projections
views/flags relationship-argument puzzle
httpservletrequest.getremoteaddr() returning wrong address
how do i simplify bash's 'eval "$time $bin_file $bin_opts &> $log_file"' and keep it working?
distribute binary library on osx
where to get a free country-region-city data base?
error installing apache (libaprutil)
getting server name in contextloaderlistener
how to set auto=repeat on a qaction in a qtoolbar?
text under a widget added with qtoolbar.addwidget()
invoking context menu in qtreewidget
code to record a screencast in macos
many-to-many jpa mapping inserting but not fething the child collections
cocoa application crashing on opengl call
center an nsview within an nsscrollview
help with selecting rows using awk
good framework for the game of go (weiqi, baduk)?
php return empty json string
which programming language has very short context-free grammar in its formal specification?
comparing wildcards for equality in haskell..?
pcsc-lite codes on windows
need opinion regarding design/architecture of a web application
alternative to htaccess for windows?
parser for 32-bit and 64-bit mach-o binary/executable formats in c++
q_object with no type...
conditional link to node within views?
moveable type images not displayed
hibernate: order by using criteria api
alternative to anonymous functions for lazy evaluation in scala?
how to calculate future value (fv) using javascript
hibernate free query
hibernate ehcache only finding 1 element of a collection
qtpython: removechild/addchild qgroupbox
make domain-specific folder redirect using .htaccess rules?
compile combination of qtwinmigrate + qtpropertybrowser under vc++ 2008
given a date range, count # of workdays per pay period the range falls in
display author url in single
drupal: accordion inside node
looping code/skipping rows
how can i convert scala.xml.elem to something compatible with the javax.xml apis?
plist bundle version values
hibernate query vs criteria performance
problem filtering mousepressevent with installeventfilter
apache virtual host configuration on debian
haskell: how do i define the types my function can take as parameters? and how do i access unnamed variables in a data structure?
hibernate - apply locks to parent tables in polymorphic queries
jquery conflict with lightbox2 wp plug-in and content scroll
apache proxy to tomcat keep alive confusion
what does this snippet mean?
gridview item preview using .net 2.0
hibernate queries slow down drastically after an entity is loaded in the session
what is the difference between a var and val definition in scala?
i want my wp 2.8.6 blog to be seen as written in spanish by feedburner.
idiom for scala's option when doing equality tests
when should i use scala's array instead of one of the other collections?
qcombobox with single value: select this value
solving for variables in an over-parameterised system
best way to reload parts of a form
hibernate saveorupdate fails when i execute it on empty table.
how can i know if the user is in exposé mode?
hibernate mapping conditional many-to-one
can someone explain this article about enforcing race safety in scala.
ioregistryentry::frompath() fail.
how to remove a cookie using mod_rewrite
using generic methods with implicit type conversion
can i decide where a qaction is added to a qmenubar
using srping managed dao without controller?
qgraphicsview/scene - multithreading nightmare
probem with redirecting output
how can i connect the pressed() signal of 32 buttons to a single function without declaring 32 slots?
live execution of formula
why doesn't this match?
when should i use record syntax for data declarations in haskell?
hibernate jpa template fetch
hibernate     @generatedvalue  correct?
why is flatten declared on generictraversabletemplate?
calling @controller methods once per request
trace an arrow toward a specific angle
set a qcombobox or qspinbox to a value not allowed
spring batch: java.io.ioexception: stream closed exception when combining multiresourceitemwriter and flatfileitemwriter
if you can't change a variable's value in haskell, how do you create data structures?
hibernate transaction question
changing provided services based on user preferences in osx?
arrow key via stdin
how can i wire-up  org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.transactionproxyfactorybean  and org.springframework.orm.hibernate3.hibernateinterceptor ?
apache rewriterule for root directory
mod_rewrite proxy rewriterule not working
@range based hibernate validation checks
building optimized qt4 - "./configure" flags and their meanings
question about what i should have before connect
preventing nan from being persisted by hibernate
criteria to hql
is it possible to script for data entry with drupal?
get criteria by associationpath
change wording "special price" & "regular price" in magento
wildcard dns combined with single subdomain dns
is there a better way to erase a line than echo "                                                  "?
how can i get around the same origin policy?
hide console for tkinter app on osx
seqential & continuous invoice number in hibernate / coldfusion orm?
shipping cost calculate
how to clear the textbox value of asyncfileupload .. ?
understanding hibernate internals
how to change string into qstring?
hibernate and flyweight
updating your blog from a localhost version
hibernate delayed validation until commit
hibernate, aliases
how to obtain codesigned application certificate info
how would i pick one node randomly from n no. of nodes,i have n random no. of nodes with x and y co-ordinates .(in matlab)
magpie removes angle brackets from rss feed
using resteasy with javassist?
apache server cache images
scala: tracing implicits selection and other code magics
suggest me an easy way to automate such tasks
hibernate select..where.. in (value1, val2...)
hibernate hql and date
hibernate, insert or update without select.
is it possible to use implicit conversions for parameters to extractors (unapply) in scala?
"cannot do signed 4 byte relocation" on compile
identify error in if statement
python qtreewidget: return tree hierarchy
understanding hibernate first level cache
apache mod-rewrite redirect domain name using querystring
first level hibernate cache , modify record directly at db
how to customize the readline keybindings of ghci
changing the inheritance strategy in branches of the class hierarchy via jpa annotations
does dotnetnuke have anything similar to drupal's cck?
how to write a lazy, variable argument version of "orelse"
hbm2ddl on a column based on genericenumusertype
functions too fast? so they get skipped?
apache mod_rewrite - rewriting from subdomain to main domain
how does one create product collections in ubercart?
modelling a temporal-style relational table in hibernate
test for posts matching specific category and not belonging to exclusion category
how to use 'someof' in quickcheck (haskell)
apache mod-rewrite for shorter urls
short circuiting sort
how often should a web chat client check for updates?
many-to-many on the same table with additional columns
scala: partialfunction with state
handlerexceptionresolver for annotated controller.
cross-correlation coefficient
ghc type inference for higher rank types - assigning to monotypes
xcode gcc exit status 1
ownnership of qstate. do i need to delete all qstates?
mapping the :edit command to a certain editor
apache/tomcat site nesting
python 2.5 removal
workarounds for unresolved hibernate bug when embedded collections contain collections?
as many threads as process
mysqldb build error
how to determine function name from inside a functoin
mod_rewrite not using multiple rules
how to print just the popup window
can't extend two traits that have a method with the same signature?
cannot do 2nd level cache
hibernate problems with auto increment id mysql 5
break polyhedron into tetrahedron
restore app from dock
how to grab live text from a url?
notification mail in open atrium
pipelines vs for
relative / root paths on apache / cpanel / php shared hosting
request a resource with percent sign in path
using outer joins in hql queries
can i add states, trasitions, proprerties if i a qstatemachine is already started?
schema2ddl generates wrong datatype for yesnotype
create subdomain upon user registration
contact form using php and jquery form plugin
tab-completion of filenames
regex.matchdata returning null: why not option[string]?
hibernate delete_orphan cascadetype not deleting orphans when collection set to null
c:\documents and settings\user\my documents\netbeansprojects\consultingagency\nbproject\build-impl.xml:563: the module has not been deployed.
using xvkbd to read a barcode. how to disable enter key?
how can i use linux to parse out only a section of a variable with different delimiters?
how to tell qwebpage not to load images?
apache with jboss using ajp (mod_jk) giving spikes in thread count.
is qimage able to open and render pure 16-bit images?
localhost working 127.0.0.1 broken in safari
protect specific url with .htaccess
calculate most common values
how to place multiple content types on a page??
xl vba - passing an array in a user defined function?
hibernate translation capabilities
dependency inject by type using generics - how does it work?
remove slash from the end of a variable
default value for generic data structure
how can i add a user editable checkbox in qtableview using only qstandarditemmodel
does php proc_nice leave apache threads at new priority setting?
how to query a date in hql (hibernate) with joda time?
hibernate: find duplicates
how do i get a checkbox item from a qtableview and qstandarditemmodel alone?
when should i use "apache:apache" or "nobody:nobody" on my web server files?
how  do i resize qtableview so that the area is not scrolled anymore
web application in drupal?
what is the recommended way of passing keyboad events to qprocess transparently?
mpeg-1 compression - producing macroblocks
setting a default apache rewriterule entry
avoiding boilerplace when dealing with many unrelated types
how to select k no. of nodes with probability p(say p=0.25) out of n(say n=100) randomly generated nodes and those k nodes shown as red colored in whole figure?
displaying multiple icons in a single cell of a qtableview
php regex expression for the following...
libmysqlclient15-dev on macs?
apache c module creation, problem linking sqlite
how to plot 2 graphics in one picture?
org.hibernate.hibernateexception: no session currently bound to execution context
how to allow ink in a protected worksheet?
modifying show method of generated roo controler
hibernate3: self-referencing objects
apache configuration - what am i missing here?
how to create tinyint field in hibernate annotation
creating custom pages with jquery php
ambiguous type variable
hibernate mapping
removing javascript created content...
hibernate implicit entity restrictions
hibernate one-to-one entity association with shared pk between 3 classes
restrict certain urls to a single thread
do i need a separate server to implement an esb (e.g. apache camel, mule) ?
hibernate query: find equal objects
single person working on a web app. what platform to use?
printing 4"x6" cards in osx (cocoa)
removing custom widget from qvboxlayout
notifying subclass of qabstractitemmodel about changes
exception when assigning value to ixmlhttprequest  object in ie7 and ie8
best blogging software for developer
drupal: create a custom page
hibernate session problem for transactions.
depp copy of 2d array in scala?
scala: whats the best way to do numeric operations in generic classes?
how to get a quantitative comparison of two signals
how to handle proxies when using qnetworkaccessmanager
qpainter and qtimer
tab-key blocks circumflex (^)
qplaintextedit for single line of input
adding id to a tag in drupal's primary menu
can drupal's t() function localise english homonyms?
wp child categories of the parent cat
getting 206 partial content and not sure why.
need to increase php memory_limit for specific directory not entire server
enforcing https connection
jpa multiple persisrtence unit [bug]
magento—problem overriding adminhtml block
iis 6.0+ equivalent to apache's content negotation/addlanguage?
whats up with qlayout->setparent
hql : getting the primary key of an object.
qwebpage triggers loadfinished() several times
sorting grouped nodes by taxonomy term
how to upgrade the version of python used by apache?
static site apache and dynamic/member site django
apache rewrite url need help
easiest way to extract the urls from an html page using sed or awk only.
updating a qprogressdialog with a qfuture
php's preg-match_all causing apache segfault
drupal: which mysql do i need?
problem with png fix  for 2 overlapping images
hibernate. big results and pagination
qsignalmapper and original sender()
does the use of stylesheet in a dynamic manner add alot of computation
lift calendarmonthview sample fails with lift 1.1-snapshot
warning about bad shutdown preventing apache from running?
mapping multi-level inheritance in hibernate with annotations
grails dynamic database connections?
replace macports dependency with other package
how to save unsigned char to mysql
magento - buy x get y free - realistically, buy one get one free bogof
qabstractsocket::unknownsocketerror
a simple small shell script to compute averages
hibernatetemplate composite key fetching value null
is there a way to control which implicit conversion will be the default used?
cancel hibernate query
solving algebraic equations programatically
connection hangs after time of inactivity
the logic behind macos's exposé
in scala, how do you define a local parameter in the primary constructor of a derived class?
hibernate : java application must be restarted for data to be realoaded.
limiting size of http post requests
how to implement a stdin, stdout wrapper ?
getting kind mis-match error when trying to use existential quantification
any reason for having "val capacity : int" instead of "val int capacity" in scala
compiled freeimage from source. #include freeimage.h not found.
how do you move a widget from one tab to another and keep a layout
getting hibernate exception : org.hibernate.queryexception: could not resolve property
breaking up a large hibernate class
facebook game function, optimizin a call, and loading bar
cant query json
haskell: how to type cast
many instances of apache get spawned with passenger/rails
kill random process with name
thousands of instances of index.php opening at the same time
adding a enum as a class property in hbm.
org.springframework.transaction.annotation.transactional vs javax.jdo.annotations.transactional
how to assign random energy e to every node and compare two nodes for maximum energy and also find distance between them?
how to change propertis of drawingarea in gtk2hs
locking your own nspreferencepane?
power management api for auto-wake in osx?
allow php inside form
best practice for loading necessary json data: jquery's $(document).ready() hook? in the <head> of page?
problem with dropdownlist updateprogress and updatepanel
calling user_save from within hook_init failing on drupal6
make sure int variable is 2 numbers long, else add 0 in front to make it 2 numbers long
adding deriving(data) to standard types
how to use junit and hibernate usefully?
how long does it take to create 1 million threads in haskell?
hibernate - manytoone - save - org.hibernate.transientobjectexception:
redirecting from pubilc_html to public_html/new/
search result was due to field in hibernate search
apache sub-sites
how can i remove an item from a hashmap in hibernate ?
hibernate hql query by using like operator
persistenceunitmanager problem
why is this option transformed to a string? [scala]
is it a rule that unapply will always return an option?
reasonably secure way to allow table name access on client side
can't get xdebug to work on windows 7
change user_profile_form form fields order
apache-webserver-website publishing
hibernate cascade delete not working when removing element of recreated bean
hibernate configuration xml
what's an easy way to have terminal use a different color based on ssh host name?
rewriterule to disregard a url variable
need help with apache rewrite issues
xapool connection timed out
switch mod rewritten url
how do you turn on a hibernate filter for a particular entity by default?
tool for improving your text in blog
mod_jk on windows 64 bit
how to convert x => option[r] to partialfunction[x,r]
getting cabal to work with ghc 6.12.1
where can i find documentation for scala's delayed function calls?
qt4: transparent window with rounded corners
apache rewriterule with rewritemap
php/apache, options +indexes in htaccess doesn't work for root directory
using hibernate/jpa without relationships and avoiding multiple db calls
hibernate collection handling  basics
apache velocity: is there a standard way of verifying the correctness of a template from the command line?
having trouble writing my fmap
how to find remaining nodes in following code which are not participating in making edges with each other?
phpinidir broken under windows 7?
qslider focus issue (mac leopard) with qapplication::focuschanged(qwidget*,qwidget*)
hibernate mapping collection by column
how to make an unboxed array of floats i can get a ptr to
problem with function session_start() (works slowly).
apache rewrite condition and the absence of characters
varargs puzzle?
drupal: modifying a user at registration
apache comes back with nothing
embed hibernate hbm.xml mappings in jar
alternative to update_option() in wp-admin
how do websites generally log users out automatically when session expires?
need some help with scala's instance variables
how do i use stackshot to debug my application?
drupal: re-selecting taxonomy terms in advanced search
when using py2app, is there a way to customize the traceback dialog that gets displayed? (or show a different cocoa dialog?)
using stdout/stderr/stdin streams behind haskell's ffi
content fetching using htaccess
is it possible to curry the other way around in scala?
how to get a variable value if variable name is stores as string?
how can i run multiple apache 2 instances on ubuntu?
programmatically setting the `type` of an abstract type
how to connect to mutiple databases in hibernate
set hibernate root folder
how url rewriting work?
trouble installing/compiling lua on macosx
can qsignalmapper be used to re-emit signals with multiple parameters?
dynamically replace html tags
hibernate sort by properties inner bean ?
hibernate and order by using column values
do ping requests put a load on a server?
avoiding sub-directory request rewrites with apache mod_rewrite
hibernate, save the previous state of an object
how to update qcompeter's model dynamically
downloading invoices (pdf) does not complete.
streaming live video to a web site
how to share clipboard between tmux/vim and osx
defer processing during apache page render
return type of "|" in scala's parser combinators
nssavepanel: squelching the "confirm replace?" dialog
how to really strip a binary in macos
when is it ok to use an ioref?
upload and crop image
dsum: how to define the criteria range using braces?
spike in my inverse fourier transform.
programmable transparent forward proxy
what's new in quickcheck 2?
connecting nodes to specific dates
how to enable node-type based custom menu in drupal?
controller pages inaccessible in new ror project...why?
mvc architecture for front-end
drupal: add contact form as field to user profile
how to wrap a commad line executable in a .app package?
concurrency in hibernate
drawing in other processes window on macosx?
apache 2 sites-available configuration
how to add vectors with different length?
how to map a one-to-many collection to a joined subclass when key is in the parent class
how do i persist a java property of type object using hibernate?
removing <ul> bullets via css
how to trasnform query?
apache returns truncated image (cross posted on serverfault.com)
redirecting standard output to the calling process
query on hibernate entity with user-type field
synchronize data between frontend and backend
[postgresql] how to map the type interval in hibernate ?
how to match rigid types in a type class instance?
can i omit <?php drupal_render($form); ?>
.htaccess rewrite and subdomains
extracting nodes only when they have specific attributes with specific values
embed webserver in carbon bundle
is it possible to use qfontdatabase::addapplicationfont() in symbian?
apache rewrite and variable
how do i install the apache ftpserver as a service within windows 7 (64-bit)?
get the path of the .dmg from the mount point
darwin: how to kill parent process without killing child?
hibernate nullpointerexception in loader class
hibernate - session monitor tool
sort arraybuffer[a] in scala?
in hibernate, is there any difference between session.get() and session.load() besides how bad ids are handled?
qfiledialog: adding extension automatically when saving file?
hibernate transaction problem
caching per request in asp.net?
google webtool kit or really simple history?
drupal's hook_preprocess_page not working as expected
how to return variable from the function called by onreadystatechange=function()
innerhtml size limit
state monad, sequences of random numbers and monadic code
qmenu* << qaction* -- help me write a global qmenu insertion operator
hibernate lock wait timeout exceeded;
how to make read-only data accessible by diff requests while the server is running (apache, mod_python)
how to direct link to an attribute set?
how to convert qwidget 's image format from argb32_premultiplied to argb32 ?
qt4 qnetworkmanager hangs
how to print integer literals in binary or hex in haskell?
is there a way in hibernate to set not-null to true on save but not delete in a mapping config?
hibernate search querying ?
record speaker output with audio unit
finding zeros of an expression
use preferences menu item.
sporadic errsecauthfailed (-25293) when accessing keychain with seckeychainfindgenericpassword?
apache alias problem, snow leopard
return 404 error on existing directory
c++ fileio pointer leak error
how to debug an apache module
is there an "easy" way to add customizable keyboard shortcuts to my qt4 app?
how do i check the exit code of a command executed by flock?
how to make all connected browsers reload initiated by a server-side event
apache allowoverride equivalent in lighttpd
unexpected connection reset: a php or an apache issue?
case classes with an upper type bound
javascript problem?
how to populate dropdown with dynamic date based on 2 other dropdown boxes
hibernate - projection a component
how can i search for values in a range of cells, in another long range of cells ?
vlookup doesn't work
qmetaobjec::invokemethod returns true, but method is never called
hibernate 2nd level cache objects that are lazy=false, result in a default fetch=join, is it documented anywhere?
qtmovie notification
why hibernate session.close() does not flushes the data automatically?
why it does not work?
running other java versions on osx
trying to establish a connection
create block that displays preconfigured-term search results
having "minimal price" display issues within assigned category.
how can an app tell if it's running on a hackintosh?
qtabbar vs qtabwidget
bash/sh single-quote, doublequote & backquote question
hibernate - component mapping vs custom value type
hibernate creates problem for table with composite primary key while generating hibernate classes with eclipse
exchange axis of an "ezplot"
create a database with scala/lift and a simple interface to log in
entitymanager.merge inserts duplicate entities
hibernate - delete hql in eclipse hibernate tool
porting threads from qt3 to qt4
apache changelog: 2.2.12 and 2.2.14
hibernate/jpa/hsqldb enum issues...
create webapplication with drupal: development steps...
drupal: losing images when moving site location;  placeholders point to old absolute path rather than relative path
are hibernate and rdlc alternatives to each other?
printing $node vars in page.tpl.php
apache velocity $ vs $!{}
script puzzle <script src="ajaxpage.php?emp_id=23" /> ?
safety when installing plugins on domains i don't own
split a database of mol2 molecules into n smaller sets
panel page url - need to access named arguments
embedding an ahah form element into a theme_table-generated table (drupal)
scrolling different widgets at the same time
custom class - iboutlets not working?
configuring apache to route "get /user/foo" to /user/get.php and "put /user/foo" to /user/put.php
copying cells  from different sheets to one main sheet
qtextcodec subclass - how to register my codec
why doesn't this type declaration work?
rereading akka application.conf when using restarting container in sbt
location bar doesn't show redirected url
multiple rewriteconds and rewriterule stacked together
two mappings for one database table
using hibernate 2nd level cache or query cache for lazy fetch queries
are there alternatives to ibtool for parsing nib files?
how to eliminate stack trace when running specs through sbt?
lost library when recompiling obj-c project
ant-ivy-scala template: any suggestions on improvements?
scala: how to create immutable map/set from an seq?
starting apache service with a variable that can be later accessed via php?
detect cpu architecture (32bit / 64bit) runtime in objective c (osx)
getting failure detail on failed scala/maven/specs tests
apache rewrite rule
laying out overlapping rectangles
what is cgi and what are cgi scripts?
search multiple php files, and replace text ?
sed move text to beginning of line?
retrieving value (not display item) of dropdown
annotation-based and xml-based transaction definitions precedence
scala: method\operator overloading
controlling the order of qobject children (possible workaround?)
communicating with users on other web pages
expanding mysql query to include more content
adding a custom form element to an adminhtml form
osx mysql gui with plain text output?
a div above another?
making function from symbolic expression
only one instance of a scriptmanager can be added to the page.
setting up a basic web proxy in apache?
how to use scala.none from java code
error when calling compiled m-file(.jar) in a multi threaded java app
storage of auditable fields per entity
hibernate query cache - for objects not in the 2nd level cache - risky? usefull? bad practice?
can't i use annotation to indicate a bean is a primary bean
automatically processing contents of <textarea> without user pressing a button
@primarykeyjoincolumn with bidirectional @onetoone relationship
how to find the most dense regions in an image
not able to save composite foreign key
any conversion from scala's xml to w3c dom?
drupal: grabbing the node reference
magentocommerce development environment domain issue
how to add text to disk image?
close client connection preaturely with apache/mod_perl
quartz display services replacement for deprecated functions?
difference between abstract class and trait
how to get qgraphicsscene report item move events
how do you modify the fields output in drupal's rss feeds
apply dynamic properties to a bean at runtime
appkit examples on osx 10.6
apache mod_rewrite with multiple parameters
special driver to connect to sql server 2008 express
redirecting /media/* to /project/media/* and everything else to /dispatch.php
how to redirect requested uri that don't exists to 404 page with apache?
want each call to save to commit
string value is truncating when saved to the database
unexpected operator error
how to click a button in a out-of-focus widget without changing the current focus to it
sql query in tables side by side instead of one long table
hibernate auto increment id
keyboard and mouse event transparent widget
stop apache injecting it's own 404 not found page to the custom 404 error page
how to simple add an object to a collection in hibernate from client
hibernate criteria: eagerly load manytomany collection
using undercover with scalatest and mavern
show other data in qtableview with qitemdelegate
compiling and installing pyactivemq on osx
limit associated entities loaded through a hibernate criteria
why does hibernate not force you to mark fields as virtual, but nhibernate does?
qnetworkaccessmanager/qnetworkreply with custom qtcpsocket?
how to ensure that  methods called from same thread use the same db session
how to set query to be read uncommitedd?
before calling session.gettransaction, do i have to ensure one exists?
capturing from java iterators and enumerators
qt4: is it possible to make a qlistview scroll smoothly?
easy way to split a large text file?
finding the best trade-off point on a curve
how to introduce jquery auto complete for drupal5
macos : access ssh from ui
cross platform c library for gui apps?
using hibernate to 'order by' a column which having a expression(sum, max, ...)?
override activexobject
apache, locationmatch: match query string
using find with exec
an efficient technique to replace an occurence in a sequence with mutable or immutable state
linewidth and precision of ezplot
apache mod rewrite
align tab in qtabbar from left
redirect subdomain to /folder
awk without printing newline
hibernate, gwt and gilead: sessions, transactions and caches
editable content area for user with restricted access
hibernate::map maping
how to expose a constructor variable(sic!) as read-only?
how to display comments to a static page
how can i have multiple fields with the same taxonomy on drupal's node creation form?
does hibernate 2nd-level cache invalidate when running a jpql update statement
xcode debugger sucks; alternatives?
match tuple with null
line of best fit scatter plot
scala: how can i implement a clone method on a superclass, and use it in a subclass?
how to write this rewrite rule in apache?
integrating springmvc and extjs
using not like in filter property of vba recordset
making a get request to a webservice from the playframework 2.0
generate information based on content in ror, any ideas on that??
hibernate creates two primary keys when i only want one...
how to get a distinct result, but return another column in the select?
many-to-many mapping not working, one side is set to inverse.
adding a custom variable to get_posts
unit of work in a java 'main' application
drupal: no themes are rendering
hibernate session keeping track of objects
when is image within the updateprogress control sent to client in asp.net ???
location of web app on my server and apache.
using cms to make webapps.
apache+tomcat6+struts2 redirect problem
what programming task provided your breakthrough with monads?
add a group by to a hibernate criteria-query without projection
wp_list_categories does not show current category
can we use union in hibernate
raise and lower qtreewidgetitem in a qtreewidget?
if hibernate can generate the db schema, how to tell it to create a column of nvarchar(max)?
can i build a real state addvertising website using drupal?
scala: suggestion for an idea for a hands on session
hibernate - uniqueresult silently fails
is there option to have powerfull url and aliases in drupal, not the poor one that i've found?
scala: mixins depending on type of arguments
dynimically created dom can't hold up in cache
a popup in an modal window to replace js confirm and alert - asp.net
drupal: node submission time
scala: traits and abstract methods override
why does ghci say that 1.1 + 1.1 + 1.1 > 3.3 is true?
ids not available from proxy object
[apache] rewriterule removing trailing dot.
scala: pattern matching when one of two items meets some condition
how to get variable value of applescript in cocoa ?
drupal: checking to see if user has picture
disable drag/drop in qtwebkit
rdc sessions to win 7 terminate on ctr and arrow keys
qtscript: how to reload current script?
hibernate: when to use getsession() and when to use getcurrentsession()?
php image upload grey lines
time machine api / command-line scripts ?
how to replace old paramtext/standartalert with newer cfstring replacements?
why this keyboard intercepting kernel extension doesn't work?
hibernate query taking very long time
how can i exit [nsrunloop rununtildate]?
is there any way to force textmate to cache files?
how to run the equivilant of php and mysql on portable media (eg cd, usb and/or iphone)
how do i authorize users on telligent community server 2008.05 into another site?
how to implement the "edit" menu with "cut", "paste and "copy"?
data classification:sizes of training and test vectors
showing specific categories
connecting to a signal hidden by qmessagebox
subdomain read domain session
checking for node-edit mode in page.tpl.php
hibernate one-to-many cascade efficiency
pbcopy does not seem to work within a gnu screen window in osx
mapping hibernate "custom" subclasses
hibernate validator error - 4.0.2.ga
lazy loading...
hibernate resolve foreign key lookup id by name
how to sort through an association table in hibernate?
drupal: url to create new book
pattern matching with multiline xml case
how to let the user switch language in playframework 2
wait for getjson response
scala:  binary incompatibility between releases
duplex or request-reply with apache activemq wcf binding configuration question
when to use a lightbox effect?
please help me with mysql slow query analysis.
conversion strategies for bind variables
linking error: undefined symbols, lots of them (cpp cross compiling)
how can i get the selected value out of a qcombobox?
backporting nswindowdelegates windowdidendliveresize behaviour in osx 10.5?
exercise on haskell, type definition, and guards.
jpa hibernate: how to prevent join on retrieving?
how do you open a pdf at a specific page from the command line? (osx or linux)
platform or tools for merging & filtering spreadsheet data online?
local variable inside  the loop issue
how to build wp site with hierarchical content and using custom design?
browser language based 404 pages with mod_rewrite how to
how do i align qtwidget to right in the qttoolbar?
should mod_proxy_ajp or mod_jk be used for a production environment?
how to set background color of cell with nsbuttoncell type in nstableview ?
qtableview - what signal is send when user selects a row by clicking to it?
hibernate search api with 2 tables
why and when do i need to follow a method name with _?
qtwebkit manager
haskell: composing two error-raising functions
cocoa document-based application with multiple document types
hibernate clear collection with all-delete-orphan and then add to it causes constraintviolationexception
hibernate and unexpected end of subtree exception
elegant way to handle upsert with hibernate and mysql
apache rewrite rule regex problem
preprocess function for cck node types
drupal: can book layout menu be added and expanded in the primary menu?
qwebview get content type
group by month with criteria in hibernate
drupal: displaying a language switcher only when the content is translated
drupal: module, cck or other
hibernate connection pool
is there a way to force traffic comin from www.abc.com to go to abc.com via htaccess or dns?
drupal: duplicate blog tags showing in block
unknonwn format: jpg - ruby on rails-  os x
false applescript result in cocoa
2 connections per server?
entitymanager refresh problem
command line connect to tcp port, read data, match pattern, print true or false
non-negative integers
swarmcache hiberanate configuration
my_thread_global_end threads didn't exit, error?
"publish" to pdf
maintain http referer
hibernate mappingexception unknown entity: $proxy2
conflicting nested inherited traits
best way to show notifications and messages live on a webpage?
website hostname and docroot
function fails on the second time i call it.
errors installing some gems on snow leopard - libxml2
getting exeception
how to set path for apache/ tomcat?
entitymanager merge/persist problem
contextual menu item development for osx (leopard and snow leopard)
qprogressbar and qnetworkreply signals
can't stop hibernate from writing log to console (log4j.properties is ok)
why does seq.contains accept type any rather than the type parameter a?
illegalargumentexception: argument type mismatch in hibernate
dependency injection problem with entitymanagerfactory + jpadaosupport
setting up nhprof for hibernate
qlineedit: how to handle up and down arrows?
why option[t] ?
what's the best php / mysql emulator
mod_rewrite to a directory
set awk delimiter to parse "airport -s" output
programatically trigger "detect displays."
compiling jasperreports automatically on change
how to keep url display unchanged after redirecting root folder to sub folder
manytomany assoicate delete join table entry
caching a resultset
how to convert m-files to dlls?
is it possible to load an object, it transient state from the get go?
mod rewrite: how do you rewrite out of the url's home directory?
php image crop error
using large collections in vb.net
drupal: how to rate node filefields?
what is the purpose of type ascription in scala?
recipe for upgrading jboss 5.x hibernate to 3.5.x?
deriving a type and its dependencies
can i pass an object's instance method to a method expecting a callback in scala?
how to convert project files?
is it possible to specify an anonymous function's return type, in scala?
best way to update some fields of a detached object on hibernate?
save blob to db using hibernate
hibernate: check if object exists/changed
exporting .xls to .csv issues
enabling mouse and paste support in command line vim
what is wrong with this rewriterule?
what applescript will a particular application accept?
how do i get attribute set name ?
qurl does not parse host name with underscore
save data from editable division
hibernate inheritance search
infinite loop on combination of rewriterules
why is it recommended to avoid unidirectional one-to-many association on a foreign key?
is it a missing implementation with jpa implementation of hibernate??
simplest build of qmysql3
code/function/library to intent/format/prettify javascript/qtscript code for readablity within the application?
is there a way for keeping a variable from changing inside recursions, in haskell?
drupal/drush: how to bundle a project.profile within a project.make?
hibernate doesn't work anymore... why?
@onetomany without inverse relationship and without a join table?
hibernate: how to remove an entity to which noone refers to in manytoone?
multiple session factories, one connection?
scala: annotating accessor methods
haskell's text.regex.subregex using tdfa implementation?
hibernate mysql transaction configuration issue
drupal: fivestar block with voting axis
dependency in traits inheritance
how to get enumeration  value's enumeration definition?
use two databases concurrently in hibernate
please help me understand the pattern match in haskell. i'm a little confused.
hibernate  : how to configure the flush after every rw-d operation ?
qpainter fails when calling begin
what's the advantage of using drupal's module_load_include vs. just including a file?
scala: exposing a jdbc resultset through a generator (iterable)
is possible to set validation order with hibernate validator?
whats the best way to send qstrings in a function call?
how do you use control.applicative to write cleaner haskell?
qtscript: crash on 64-bit windows.
your experience with scala+wicket
hibernate query that orders an attribute based on a nested path.
mod rewrite : replace all _ (underscore) with - (hyphen)
find text cells that are too small to display contents
how can i implement a blocking process in a single slot without freezing the gui?
grepping complex strings in variables.
how can i convince mod_rewrite to stay away from my subversion repositories?
replace a particular value in a string of key - values
sending big data to server, cross-domain
apache pivot, coming out of apache incubator to main, feedback?
detect bottleneck on program and use opencl to speedup
hibernate multi user environment
apache mod_rewrite: redirecting subdomains to the https login page
in the content admin page, how do i see all nodes by a specific user?
performance issue with accessing microsoft.office.core.documentproperties
no results with qxmlquery
is it possible to have foreign key enforced without object-to-object mapping
how to reassign the address of a named range in open office vba?
running python & django on iis
kext for 10.4 - 10.6
issue persisting long strings with hibernate
how can i keep on the fly application level statistics in an application running under apache?
what is a simple way to receive snmp traps in scala?
same column in two worksheets are aligned differently horizontally
resize qwidget in a layout manually on runtime
hibernate - hbm.xml automatic generation from db schema
web toolkit that does all of this?
why use apache over nginx/cherokee/lighttpd?
concrete classes with abstract type members
queries with hibernate
add new entity to persisted collection
how to edit .globalpreferences.plist without logout and login?
hibernate:  foreign key is primate key
controlling hibernate's generated subselect
how to validate hibernate mapping against database
sites that do server aliasing for other websites to use an external platform
hibernate: constraintname is null in mysql
apache requestheaders for software-as-a-service under rails
drupal: customizing user registration workflow for communicating with another webapp
javascript charts - dynamically adding data points
does hibernate auto-rollback programmatic transaction for unhandled exceptions?
apache rewrite override mime and proxy request?
create  user folders like userfolder/ticket and manage on a server in c#
how to use a macro to transpose data from rows into columns
nested if statements returning zero if nothing entered in cell.
show warning/error to user without using wp_die
qmutex stuck in locked state
parse ds_store w/ php
how to add popup menu on nstoolbar item ?
hibernate: how to set null query-parameter value with hql?
strategies for designing a database (being accessed by hibernate) which will have alot of archivial data.
what does "trait a <: b" mean?
how to remove command line color highlighting of vista samba shared directories in ubuntu?
how to pass an arbitrary applescript record to cocoa in a scriptable app?
rich text editor (wysiwyg) for custom fields input
htaccess redirect to same file, but display different url without having to change internal links?
terracotta with hibernate and ehcache
hibernate not creating correct fields for clobs in mysql
what exactly does typesynonyminstances do?
hibernate many to one delets all parents when a child is deleted
hibernate - how to cascade deletes using annotations where only unidirectional child relationship is specified
how to use notificationconf?
learning haskell: string manipulation question
mod_rewrite loops even with l flag
how do you create a keynote-like interface in cocoa and ib?
apache rewritecond from result of php request
hibernate: how to setup on-delete="cascade" in one-to-one relation
using items in the background of a qgraphicsscene
how to pipe a here-document through a command and capture the result into a variable?
multiple calls with simple modal osx style dialog
hibernate: how to exclude a class which is part of a join using the criteria api
moving a non-core theme from /themes to /sites/default/themes safely in drupal 6.14
is there a way of publishing akka actors with mina?
how can i match a function signature without getting type erasure compiler warnings in scala.
spectrogram c++ library
i want to implement right click menus on qtwidgetitems
how do i execute a command from a specific directory with actually changing to that directory
what's wrong with this code logic?
hibernate bi-directional many-to-many cascade confusion
how do you return an iterator in scala?
how to simulate the environmen cron executes a script with?
handling metacharacters in search strings
fixing problems on a site that only breaks on ie7
in a mvc application, where will the di take place?
how to close modal window when window is closed ?
how to setup hibernate @manytomany association with cascades on both foreign keys?
qstackedwidget inside qtabwidget tab?
in haskell, is there a way to do io in a function guard?
susbtitution in sed with spaces
converting a hql-query which includes elements() to criteria api
criteria query with restriction across a joined subclass problem
add a new plugins path to qtwebkit
what does ga means in hibernate versions?
legend for group of lines
alternative way of implementing a groupby method in scala?
drupal: how to retrieve parent page's $node variable in a block using module_invoke()?
can't echo wp_count_posts('page')???
display characters of a variable
mapping 2 vectors - help to vectorize
qt4: qabstracttablemodel drag and drop w/o mime
qt4: qtableview mouse button events not caught
performance issue with qgraphicsscene::createitemgroup
can i use a qtimer to periodically refresh a form while still letting user edit some of the fields?
differerence between hibernate types: boolean, yes_no, true_false
how does the new keyword in hql work?
bring the application from in focus, by clicking the icon of corresponding application
problem with hibernate find method
how do i change which version of python mod_python uses
hibernate query not returning full object
alias an url in apache in order to route requests on a certain url through a php-script
drupal_add_css not working
is there a performance hit with spring if i use component-scan and make the base-package my root package?
how do you handle a qspinbox that can be edited by both the user and the program?
drupal: create content in popup/lightbox?
adding event to yui rich text editor
should i use qcoreapplication::processevents() or qapplication::processevents()?
mini project: change the color of the terminal based on the time of day
how to define usertype' s name globally in hibernate?
for c++ macosx app, what threading library to use?
how to mock a method with functional arguments in scala?
is it possible to use qtconcurrent::run() with a function member of a class
locking a screen in 10.6
how to autowire factorybean
in haskell, is there a way to do "elem" on a constructor with an argument?
implementing a def with 1 parameter as a val of type function1
searching two columns and returning value from third vba
simple .htaccess rewrite ?
how to do with this for fzero loop?
count(*)  in hibernate criteria ?
why delete-orphan needs "cascade all" to run in jpa/hibernate ?
get children count via hql
drupal: add onchange code to option_widgets in form_alter?
apache-tomcat can anybody elaborate which one is web-server and web-container?
vbscript: how do i copy all rows from 3 worksheets and merge rows that are unique in the first column?
digester: extracting node name
how do i record timetamps in a macosx c++ program?
how do i fix this apache error log issue? mod deflate
is a destructor the right place to mark the end of a script's execution?
catching mousedown events of subviews.  (cocoa osx)
'magical' qtextedit size
shark crashes on processor bandwidth trace
unresponsive cancel button on vba userform
mysql install: error: failed to build gem native extension.
how to use the platinum upnp sdk?
drupal: exposing module data to views2
delegate problem with nstextfield
qtembedded (for kindle!): how are the device plugins supposed to get feedback from the app?
axes background color not rendering properly when exporting videos
seamlessly direct multiple domains to a single set of php files?
corelocation for os x using iframe google maps can't select "map, satellite, terrain" as default
drupal: varnish and cookies
redirect certain requests if referer not from same page?
output of sub-processes in dos batch script not visible in apache
how can i calculate the mean of all months until now?
coreaudio audiounitsetproperty always fails to set sample rate
best output format for xargs
how to compare literals in countif
qmetaobject compiler explain?
closed state of qdockwidgets not restored by restoredockwidget?
scala: how to get class of mixin composition?
callback for button in qtcreator?
apache rewrite htaccess
how can i look for the duplicate values in a certain field in a spreadsheet ?
set values to elements of an array in a function
mod_rewrite .htm to fake subdirectory
what are the minimum hardware requirements for iis 6.0 and apache 2.x?
is there a snow leopard compatible "sudden motion sensor" api available?
linux shell scripting
qgraphicsview accepted events
how can i deny users to add/modify/remove printers to cups ?
excek vba worksheet.names vs worksheet.range
on submit action
apache 2 administration tools on ubuntu or windows
how to create artificial nodes in qabstractitemmodel for qtreeview
solaris echo " [ " character problem
hibernate query with conditions in a complex db structure
office 2003 interop problems, interface, method not found.
hibernate (jpa) cascade - retrieve id from child
unable to transition state to "payment_pending" for user cancelled sales order
qtablewidget: how can i get tighter lines with less vertical spacing padding?
modem.oqpskmod for ber
qdialog doesn't accept text input if modal
you do not have sufficient permissions to access this page.
osx: get application windows + bounds
is there a performance difference between qlist<qlist<int> >mylist; and int ** mylist;  ?
simple way to convert 00:20:40.28 (hours:minutes:seconds.split seconds) to seconds
how does qwidget size when used as a window?
drupal: content types url?
.htaccess deny access to specific files? more than one
how to get the clicked menu items $mlid in drupal?
getting value from one controller to another controller
hibernate annotation for postgresql serial type
drupal: creating a simple blog?
comparing modem.oqpsk probability error and ber
modem.oqpskmod - converting array of different values to array of 1s and 0s
definition of filter function with foldr, in haskell. i want to see if i understand how it's working.
wordpresss- custom table loop- not quite right
using monaderror with parsec
how do you extract a header from a private framework on osx?
beginner's question, trying to understand how the linker searches for a static library
save more than object with the same identifier into a database in the same session????????
double or single bracket, parenthese, curly bracket
what's wrong with this mod_rewrite statement?
mod_rewrite to absolute path in .htaccess - turning up 404
can't copy or paste text in cocoa after deleted edit menu item
existential quantification over values
what does the parantheses signify in (x:xs) when pattern matching?
nullpointerexception on merge()
localhost != remote server
prototype - replace & with &amp;
using coredata with an object?
to use or not to use the user module
.htaccess mod-rewrite how to
hibernate composite primary key contains a composite foreign key, how to map this..
how to track down cpu intensive requests
rewriterule in .htaccess not working
mysql innodb insertion is very slow
drupal: associating grouping more than one cck field.
emitting signals from other threads
$_server['request_uri'] seems to have gone... where?
exception generated with qtconcurrent and calling qtime:currenttime
how to associate node with products in drupal/ubercart
whats wrong with my url mappings?
anybody using qi4j
dropdown menus in drupal?
*** glibc detected ***  double free or corruption (fasttop):
drupal: getting nodeautoterm node ids from taxonomy ids
adding mutiple if statements together
obj-c object instance not recognized?
how do you add two countif equations together?
hibernate hql: get count of results without actually returning them
hibernate, null values and nativesql
performing functions for multiple input values
hibernate - query caching/second level cache does not work by value object containing subitems
merge sort from "programming scala" causes stack overflow
is this true? "gzipped items will not have the same etags (even if the content did not change)"
are these two combinators already available in haskell?
retrive the text in a specific cell in a qtablewidget?
remove all spacing in qgridlayout
hibernate -using table per subclass - how to link an existing superclass object to a sibclass object
eclipse ide speed sluggish on snow leopard macbook
apache base url for subdirectory?
how to cluster and load balance a sprint + osgi app
what is the best way to do server-side output caching php?
what should be in a two days hibernate training
wsdl2java tool error apache cxf
(lazy) left outer join using the hibernate criteria api
scala: parallel assignment of tuples
apache not loading xdebug, but does when started from the command line
qtwebkit synchronous loading
using awk (or sed) to remove newlines based on first character of next line
optimizing an orm-based model post-launch
hibernate criteria: left outer join with restrictions on both tables
how to speedup xcode builds without any project modifications?
type inference on method return type
how to keep testing and production e-commerce db in sync when you have "sales" updates in production?
creating a "universities attended" profile field/block (drupal)
typesafe primary key in hibernate/jpa
how can i configure apache and ldap to allow a second authentication attempt?
some help with hibernate criteria query
how to change the text color of qlistwidget
how do i group similar catalog products (cd & mp3) on the landing page of my ubercart store?
how do i paste text to a line by line text filter like awk, without having stdin echo to the screen?
algorithm to get result like taxonomy_get_tree(). but retrieve only non empty terms.
how to dump out an array of of pixels as a png?
how can i use map and receive an index as well in scala?
will packagemaker work for me?
how to text proximity to qgraphicspathitem?
"magento tax zones & rates": how to incorporate store location and price dependencies for tax rates
add registration dialog to packagemaker
how can i filter a product's availability using issaleable attribute?
match url link from input string
haskell's liftio's litter functions of type errort string io ()
how to make scala's immutable collections hold immutable objects.
hibernate convert proxy to real object
how to get cpu temperature and fan speed on osx?
php function not working as expected
simulation of oqpsk
simple symlink in web root returns access denied
auto-redirect requests from /dirname to /dirname/
how can i make the -f flag apply to directories with a trailing slash?
do self: t => and this: t => have the same meaning when defining a trait?
cleaning up nested mod_rewrite statements
hibernate + postgresql with case insensitive searching
can i use qwaitcondition.wait() in a slot called by the main thread?
audit trail in hibernate with new and old values using an interceptor
how to suppress the keychain prompt when the app modified?
image upload problem
loading images from various sources in qtwebkit
hibernate filters break the second level cache
the genuine sieve of eratosthenes -- algorithm used to generate primay numbers.
how to simulate [l] in .htaccess
flex, cairngorm and xml-rpc
apache tiles 2.1.4 with css
stack overflow whilst cascade saving nhibernate entity with custom generator
hibernate: enabling lazy fetching in criteria api
o(1) circular buffer in haskell?
serializing a json object using lift-json [scala]
stuarray with polymorphic type
apache / htaccess rewrite - from domain to subdomain
my products categories have (meta)data - use taxonomies or implement them as content items?
basics of using cut awk grep and sed...
deserializing a json object through lift-json
difference between trait inheritance and self type annotation
using hibernate to do a query involving two tables
hibernate computed criteria order
do i need to send a 404?
can i limit the size of the array in scala?
trying to put an exception to rewriterule in .htaccess
how to re-show main window after closed in cocoa ?
using linux "cut" with stdin
confusion with contt, callcc, when ...
drupal: how to update display fields after changing the database?
[macosx]does dlopen call open and read functions?
im confused with apache vhost
nhibernate multiple component properties of the same type in a class
find and store (regex, php)
calling individual cell instead of range
signals dont get emitted
two or more tinymce editors.
hibernate hbm2ddl and ms sql server: long as column of numeric data type
how to get the ip address from $ssh_client
is it possible to create indices on join table using hibernate annotations and hbm2ddl?
how to create & call slot in other class than mainwindow?
selecting osx sdk version in eclipse and makefiles
designing objects for hibernate
how to catch exceptions and redirect to error page in lift?
serving two websites with apache with single domain name and single ip address
get post from wodpress
when does retrieving a hibernate proxy's id initialize the proxy?
how can i use parmap with a monadic function?
is there a way to make git remember the password for webdav remotes?
hibernate mapping through another entity
hibernate 2nd level cache + ehcache issue when trying to get data (list of object) from cache memory
tomcat fails on first request in combination with jsvc
what is a common idiom for converting between integral types?
apache crashes when php_apc extension is turned on when using symfony?
apache mod_perl handler/dispatcher returning control to apache.
add conditional stylesheet into the drupal's chameleon theme
auto close qmessagebox
hibernate one-to-one mapping problem.
how to map these classes with hibernate?
why this simple hibernate sample doesn't work?
apache basic authentication on django site
what's the correct syntax for applying a function to sub elements of a matrix without using a loop?
modem.oqpsk with half sine wave
apache tomcat and ruby
how do i use data.concurrent.mergeio?
nsimage color shift on snow leopard
apache internal server error without log entry
unmounting removable drive in air 2 beta
problems trying out happstack-tutorial
technique to compute next day's date from a date supplied via an arg?
apache django url problem
outofmemory when reading big amounts of data using hibernate.
hibernate sequence weirdness with db2
apache caching within diffrent virtualhosts
drupal: how do i modify my menu items' classnames?
drupal: enable search form globally?
what does the following function do?
multiple servers checking and writing flag in database
hibernate  reference column in table to indicate how to unmarshall an attribute in a different column in the same table
it seems the mode rewrite in .htaccess apache is not working
how would be a functional approach to shifting certain array elements?
setting up ruby cgi in apache
why does scala's semicolon inference fail here ?
fetch posts starting with alphabet [x]
race condition when calling fsdeleteobject
get sheet names in excel95 workbook using oledb
drupal: using rules, apply pathauto settings to node
how do vbos/fbos/displaylists work in haskell's opengl bindings?
set remote_addr to x-forwarded-for in apache
suppose a server is hosting a video file. why is it that sometimes, it requires a full download before playing.  sometimes, i can stream it?
qwebelement manipulation of a qwebpage in a separate thread
preventing negative numbers in haskell?
how to configure hibernate 3.3 in eclipse galileo?
drupal: duplicate search block?
converting vector image to quartz 2d code
drupal: customize blog post "submission" area?
mod_rewrite causes apache to crash with rewritemap prg directive
how do you append to an already existing string?
intersection of two line
rewriteengine off; does errordocument still work?
[hibernate]relation many-to-many with attributes : how ?
how exactly jdbctemplate with transactionmanager works together?
rearrange ordering of blog posts vs content block?
sed replace ' with \'
hibernate criteria and multiple join
cannot find class manifest for element type t
hibernate lazy loading + jersey rest = eager loading?
is there a way to do more "dynamic" data constructors in haskell?
is there a way to implement constraints in haskell's type classes?
can apache be configured to ignore options requests?
hibernate annotation + aspectj -> attributes names pbs in hql
what php framework to choose for a senior project
apache root-relative links
ikimageview and scroll bars
.htaccess 301 redirect problem
apache url rewriting with n arguments
apache automatically restarting itself every couple of requests
best way to link category to customized modul
apache access control: interaction between <directory> and order/allow/deny
force window to front/focus?
reshape 3d matrix to 2d matrix
adsense iframes create new sessions on my server
conditional php_flag statements in .htaccess
implementing unsafe java interfaces
testing io actions with monadic quickcheck
nsmutabledictionary removeobjectforkey throwing exc_bad_access for a var that isn't released...
erlang's term_to_binary in haskell?
get hibernate transaction status
drupal: how to set theme language programmatically?
pattern matching with conjunctions (patterna and patternb)
qsize ( int width, int height )
apache+php write permissions on unix
best way to override hibernate's lazy loading in this instance.
"take this test to find out if you are..." type of module in drupal?
apache rewrite url but don't rewrite certain folder
hibernate: more than one relationship using the same join column
how to run a script on device mount in osx.
osx api question: where does blockzero live?
"select ... for update" not working for hibernate and mysql
how to force qdatetime::fromstring to read utc time.
how do you define an @interface in scala?
haskell: parsing escape characters in single quotes
hibernate many-to-many mapping and cascade=delete
how to serve php dynamic images efficiently on a lamp server?
apache setenv appends redirect_ . what gives?
hibernate optimistic locking with lazy onetoone associations
need help configuring 301 permanent redirect in apache for non www
machine learning in ocaml or haskell?
question about qthread implementation
scala: string chomp
can we change the day and time of  a schedule task which is already created
fixing the size of a gtk widget.
what is apache htaccess configuration to require authentication for all except for these urls?
how to make haskell's tchan defer messages like erlang's message queues can?
how to define a custom exception in haskell?
can a custom guard mechanism be defined in haskell?
searching for memory leaks in apache httpd and modules
how to export "autonumber" field from one database to another using hibernate?
add header in apache
what is the correct mod rewrite rule to use?
scala: constraint on generic class type
add soapheader to org.springframework.ws.webservicemessage
qpixmap from qbitmap
how can i rename (or even remove?) buddypress' wire-section?
joining dots of scatter plot and create line
override of an hibernate validator annotation ?
how to understand which modules must be configured in httpd.conf (apache)
triangulation & direct linear transform
how do i remove url parameters from an apache 301 redirect?
nhibernate fires sql commands
word press plugin
prevent the same object from being associated to two different sessions in hibernate
how to fire user-like event in qwebelement
unix commandline history substitution ^foo^bar (for multiple replacements)
qdialog popping up another qdialog
recover hibernate session state after a failed insert
how to check cms block is active?
accessing user profile variables
suggested content for a lunch-time "introduction to scala" talk
how do i multiply two cells by their names?
apahe configuration with virtual hosts and ssl on a local network
worpress sidebar shows up below content.
using restrictions.disjunction over @jointable association
scala: given a scala.xml.node, what's the most efficient way of getting the second (or n-th) child element?
problem with selection rectange
access bean name in custom method interceptor
using apache rewrite to go from http to https and vice-versa, but i get a 302 response and my app errors out.
inverse lookup table
constraint error in hibernate
how to use second level cache for lazy loaded collections in hibernate?
qmake project dependencies (linked libraries)
persistence.xml ignores hibernate and chooses datanucleus
use of insert and update attributes
[drupal] how do i give a specific user editing rights to a specific node?
hibernate tool for weblogic 9.2.1
confusions in hibernate mappings
what is the mistake in my code. please help
"lazy io" in haskell?
hibernate for ontologies?
apache virtual directory without redirect
qt4 parent pointer usage
is securitycontextholder thread safe?
qsettings different results
penalty of using qgraphicsobject vs qgraphicsitem?
modem.oqpskmod -> modem.oqpskdemod not same result
with haskell, how do i process large volumes of xml?
how to ensure that apache always serves a single page via https?
what happens when i call qwidget->close()
hibernate and ehcache replication
error in hibernate constraint
qwebview not loading external resources
extract image from the content
functional equivalent of if (p(f(a), f(b)) a else b
how to use hibernate full text search
xls to csv with chainese character support
i've a function updating database table using spring's jdbctemplate and for some reason there was exception that connection is read only u can not update any database related changes. how to resolve these problem?
calculate array element persistence algorithm
how do i create a hibernate criteria to order by some properties of collection
simplejdbctestutils.executescript and multilines script
how to prevent libqtgui.so and libqtcore.so from being linked to a simple library built with qmake
why does this mod_rewrite expression not append the existing query string correctly?
change background of qtabbar tabs using stylesheets
loaded image qsize
handling hibernate unsupportedoperationexception: can't write to a readonly object
how to make this code more functional ?
bzip2 tomcat output
how to properly instantiate classes in haskell?
checking if function is a part of/which toolbox
hibernate hql with interfaces
hibernate composite key
not able to delete
alternate method to kron
use post tags for meta keyword content
object references an unsaved transient instance - save the transient instance before flushing
hibernate and netbeans application
apache protocol redirect
how to retrive cell addresses which call specific function
best way to manage team membership in drupal-based site
taking advantage of hibernate lazy loading?
how to sort a qtablewidget with my own code?
apache httpclient making multipart form post
qwebview not loading external css
good code dojo question for introductory scala?
how to design "blackbox" with state in haskell?
apache mod_rewrite rewriterule strange behaviour
drupal: cck taxonomy field with depth filtering
how do you do symbolic differentiation on function handle?
composite id in hibernate+postgres breaks due to returned column order
how to make qlineedit expand inside qscrollarea
error in creating alias in formula tag
php print() arabic string.
drupal: add search field to an article
ignore hibernate @where annotation
were is the mistake in my code
can the following loop be vectorize?
how to display data in  matrix with  with more than 4 decimals
qlistwidget on freemantle
how to limit concurrency when using actors in scala?
find mode of a sequence of numbers without using arrays/vectors
modificate content profile form to show checkboxes in the matrix
what is the difference between scala's case class and class
problem in using indexes with sql server 2005 and hibernate
recommendations, thoughts, tips and tricks, or peanuts on moving from wordpress to django
why qtcreator doesn't use qtplugin?
single dispatcherservlet with multiple controllers
help with mixing widget painting and udp data transfers in a multi-threaded context
qimage from datastream
what is a user category exactly?
system.net.webclient request gets 403 forbidden but browsers do not with apache servers
qtreewidgetitem addchild to already present item yields nothing
cannot see anything from #prefix and #suffix fields
are all price values in catalog_product_entity_decimal ?
projections.count() and projections.countdistinct() both result in the same query
can i use apache servers for a local network?
can i run two web servers on the same computer?
is it possoble to obtain the hostname only from http_referer with mod_rewrite?
find if qtreewidgetitem is top level
how do i query for objects with a value in a string collection using hibernate criteria?
zendframeworks not working nice with rewriterule
what's xlshtml?
how to add tracing within a for comprehension?
writing ms word 2007 xml
*simple* flv player (no logo, no advertisement)
how do i embed a string array into an entity (jpa)
when to use signals and slots and when not to
drupal: auto-generate video thumbnails
haskell: syntax error when adding new line in pattern matching
executing same piece of code for multiple case values?
operator precedence and associativity in a parser (haskell)
how to create xhtml query strings with scala?
no mapping for longvarchar in hibernate 3.2
mapping two tables 0..n in hibernate
how to define accessor method for default constructor parameter?
how to validate database schema programmatically in hibernate with annotations?
while loop never ends
how to set remote_addr in apache before php is invoked
how to force hibernate 3.3 or 3.5 to use cglib instead of javassist?
cakephp & httpd.conf issues on windows based apache server (wamp)
what should apache serve and what should tomcat serve?
has anyone else seen bugs in excel's activex combo boxes, (especially when contained in a sheet and when using the listfillrange or linkedcell properties)?
breakpoints not working after installing valgrind
logging time using httpd.conf
"cascading" a hibernate entity listener?
how to get tomcat working on windows 7?
hibernate, instrumentation and delete cascade order
hibernate: transaction not successfully started (threaded webapp) problem!!
which tree-based dictionary is the easiest to implement functionally?
drupal: module to implement credit system
pipe java to grep: why not working?
hibernate casts bigdecimal instead of integer
apache .htaccess redirecting directory to querystring
hibernate: many-to-one using formula
hibernate map mapping problem
what are the relationships between any, anyval, anyref, object and how do they map when used in java code?
how does the notnull trait work in 2.8?
how can i turn off the majority of hbm2ddl's output in the console in ant?
how to make an instance of a generic type in haskell?
drupal_render: how to make well-formed div structure of the form?
hibernate fetchmode joine
obtaining a new session from hibernate for a background thread.
how do i gather data from the same collumn in multiple worksheets in a single workbook?
with hibernate, an interceptor receives the same collection object as current and previous, how do i get real current and previous values?
[drupal] similar by terms module
jpatamplate how to autocommit...?
how to pipe stderr, and not stdout?
drupal: url alias for language frontpage
cache: how to exempt just one block
hibernate - staleobjectstateexception in query possible?
hibernate parent-child modeling
is it possible to get the sql alias of a join table for a hibernate sqlrestriction?
modifying webform module
why the comment's id are continues?
image uploading using multipart
how to use tree javascript  menu in taxonomy menu ?
picking a random line from stdout
what does the >> symbol mean in haskell.
drupal: my back-end edit node page jumps up when i click "save"
drupal: is it safe ? / cron.php ?
how to become more productive using scala? (tools, ides)
howto use mongodb bindings for haskell.
catching control-c exception in ghc (haskell)
using mod_rewrite with mod_vhost_alias
remove everything in  sidebar but one menu
why does ghc infer type of `io b` for an application of `hsetbuffering`?
adding slashes to the end of directories + more (htaccess)
in scala, what is the difference between using the `_` and using a named identifier?
function.tupled and placeholder syntax
in haskell, is there (num a) => infinity :: a ?
what is the conceptual difference between a product and a quote item
running php without extension without using mod_rewrite?
hibernate running random queries.
where to place hooks in drupal?
hibernate, mysql, glassfish v3, and jta datasource
using apache httpclient to login to google account
how to always remove www from a url with mod_rewrite?
city selection on ubercart checkout menu?
in scala, why can't i partially apply a function without explicitly specifying its argument types?
drupal: order exposed filter items, be carefully it is not that simple (i cannot user "sort")
drupal: views, exposed filter: how to unselect all items as default
referring to a enumeration value type in a method signature
how to rewrite and set headers at the same time in apache
how to join tables in unidirectional many-to-one condition ?
how to make blog network like smashingmagazine
how to create dynamic template string
value of 0 in hibernate indexcolumn mapped with base=1
how much overhead do frameworks like hibernate bring?
ordering results by computed value in hibernate
remove dinamically an ordering to the result set in org.hibernate.criteria
how to implement lazy loading in hibernate
hide "authoring information", "menu options" and "publishing options" in node creation form
passing parameter to hbm2ddl
define name query in orm.xml with jpa and hibernate
custom script in .screenrc
301 redirect with query string and domain name in apache
apache url redirect
$op variable for form_alter
rails - "apache cannot run because another program is using its port"
apache using python 2.4, python 2.5 scripts failing
getting basic information when taking over administration of a server.
abstracttransactionaljunit4springcontexttests: can't get the dao to find inserted data
hibernate update does not update anything
hibernate session is closed
fetch last record in mysql
a web application that let's users choose a domain name for the website they are about to create?
shared httpd.conf
define mono for only one virtualhost
most stable linux distribution for drupal?
@resource annotation not injecting a subclass
can i rely on mod_rewrite?
hibernate.properties classpath conflict
drupal: taxonomy & security
how can i create a parser combinator in which line endings are significant?
how do i left join tables in unidirectional many-to-one in hibernate?
using haskell's type system to enforce modularity
hibernate tool to create basic mappings based on a mysql db
eclipse / java path problems
how to configure apache httpd.conf run with strawberry perl?(perl script run with browser)
drupal: how to implement a second admin with fewer rights than the normal and own theme?
what should be done to have 'value' in the enumeration ?
how to get a pointer value in haskell?
parser combinator not terminating - how to log what is going on?
generating a swing/gui from hibernate
haskell: parsing pdf
wordpress: wpdb->insert versus wpdb->prepare(wpdb->query("insert...
apache: multiple ../ in query string = internal server error (error 500)
css layout not working in ie7 (all other browsers are fine)
how to do transform a tree using scrap your boilerplate?
using wp_query to pull content from a specific post using either title or id
implementing ctcp commands in an irc bot (haskell)
hibernate session not getting created.
how to let putty change its cursor shape accordingly?
lamp tutorial. request->response loop from the ground up.
scala: "using" keyword
drupal, views, exposed filter, make tags unselectable
htacces: how to stop strings appending  to url rewrite
apache mod_rewrite query string to standard url
drupal: set id attribute in multi-step form
having an issue with org.hibernate.sessionexception: session is closed! in hibernate
effective entity update in hibernate ?
drupal: how to upgrade a running production website to a dev version?
problem in migrating to lamp from xampp.. memory limit error
drupal: can i avoid forwarding after content is created / saved ?
passing jdbc url from maven to hibernate.cfg.xml
processing a log to fix a malformed ip address ?.?.?.x
hibernate - how to map an enumset
manual alternative to mod_deflate
drupal: last core version update. risky, if i don't update it ?
parsec: backtracking not working
understanding haskell's fibonacci
removing title from wp_list_cats()
how to use a pipe in a foreach statement
can i have nodereferences with thumbnails in drupal?
publishing a node to a specific page ?
validating .htaccess before deployment
getting my webapp to be database agnostic with hibernate...
haskell: scary type signature
open form for node/add with taxonomy terms set, no user changes wanted.
call to drupal_render() returns null
bash+cron: redirecting, and restoring, stdout and stderr produces permission denied
apache rewrite: directory tree to subdomain directory
drupal: sharing content across multisite
hibernate - avoiding unnecessary join when using foreign key in where close
hibernate best approach for one java class and multiple tables?
how to create a compiler action for sbt
can extractors be customized with parameters in the body of a case statement (or anywhere else that an extractor would be used)?
composing actors
a maven2 mojo that uses hibernate: how to control logging?
hibernate subclass which has multiple discriminator values
apache setting mod_auth_ldap require settings per sub-directory
can i ignore invalid xml character using scala's builtin xml handlers?
issues with 404 pages when inserting posts and changing permalink to /%postname%/
bash: $[<arithmetic-expression>] vs. $((<arithmetic-expression>))
impose access limits from apache to prevent scraping ?
how can implicits with multiple inputs be used in scala?
passing variable through ssh doesnt work
how to generate a unit vector pointing in a random direction with isotropic distribution of direction?
using a hibernate mapkey that's not unique within a table
using webservicetemplate with a keystore
apache log analyzer which outputs user flows
is there a tool for managing redundant pages across a website?
who are using all the memory on my production server(apache + mysql + rails) ?
drupal: template files, modules and content types for advanced theme
how to interpret scaladoc?
drupal: getting user name on user account page without breaking performance
entitymanager injection with jpa
creating a cylinder with axis centered differently
hibernate database connection configuration
wp: redirect users to a certain category using cookies
best practice to return a result flag after saveorupdate in hibernate ?
hibernate: parent/child relationship in a single-table
range checking in haskell's case?
which one is faster and why?
does anyone have experience with clusters running on clustervisionos?
statet and wx gui coexistance
using haskell's parsec to parse binary files?
how do i get only the selected products from an order object?
floating point comparison in shell script
how to access sprinr context in junit tests annonted with @runwith and @contextconfiguration?
how to rewrite collection?
why use hibernate/nhibernate?
can i turn off an apache directive then turn it on in an include?
formatting with echo command
is there a way to combine streaming data retrieval with hibernate?
how can i *prevent* apache2 from setting the content-type header?
how to specify connection release modes in hibernate?
configuring mod_rewrite and mod_jk for apache 2.2 and jboss 4.2.3
ssl and mod_rewrite error
null pointer exception at org.hibernate.tuple.abstractentitytuplizer.createproxy
wordpress get_the_id() returns nothing but get_the_title() returns title?
hibernate criteria query on association
how can you remove a criterion from a criteria?
customize link for add content
setting variable in header.php but not seen in footer.php
hibernate - one design problem
acl architechture for a software as a service in sprgin 3.0
what happened to the tmp environment variable?
capturing audio input from microphone, with haskell?
how to point to other table's id with hibernate?
how to access "overridden" inner class in scala?
filter collection by attribute set
don't understand the typing of scala's delimited continuations (a @cps[b,c])
hibernate: hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=update show generated sql
what is apache process model?
scala: why are actors lightweight?
how to get the call graph of a program and with a bit of profiling information
apache rewriterule .* index.php [nc,l] not working
send a command to a process
is this the proper way to initialize null references in scala?
apache rewrite with many slash not working?
bad mod_rewrite or .htaccess practices?
why is ie7 rendering these differently?
hibernate - ehcache - which region to cache associations/sets/collections ??
problems using mysql instead of mysqli
how would i express this in scala?
pointers in haskell???
haskell: constrain function on type double to only work with integers
code won't work under mono, any ideas whats wrong?
interpolating 1d gaussian into 2d gaussian
how to add theme settings to zen-based themes?
define datasource bean on code
mod_rewrite to find missing /img/foo.jpg in /img/f/
apache mod_proxy_html on ubuntu proxyhtmlenable not working
optional parameters with named query in hibernate?
scala: how to specify varargs as type?
why is apache seg faulting?
how to split and dispatch an async control-flow using continuations?
redirect to apache default 404 page with mod_rewrite?
scala: can't write setter without getter?
how to check whether your work on wp or wpmu ?
how can this be done with (n)hibernate?
in drupal, can you control block display according to e.g. number of url parts?
redirect after plugin activation
total number of stories on the website
css not rendering on mamp
scalac command line parameters in eclipse?
cost of using repeated parameters
hibernate - why use many-to-one to represent a one-to-one?
hql multiple updates. is there a better way?
how to make query on a property from a joined table in hibernate using criteria
what is optimal hardware configuration for heavy load lamp application
[apache] creating rewrite rules for multiple urls in the same folder
when is @uncheckedvariance needed in scala, and why is it used in generictraversabletemplate?
whats the best way to get multiple instances of an application to run in apache tomcat?
custom entitynotfounddelegate
nhibernate hql sql server 2005 / 2008 containstable
multiactioncontroller no longer receiving requests?
ubercart statistics on products added.
in hibernate how do i always use db server's timestamp?
apache with mod_dav_svn starts to consume a lot of memory
substitution after the end of the word
month navigation sidebar in blog section?
graph/tree representation and recursion.
apache rewrite request using a different forward proxy
sub second request time logging
cat with new line
o(1) conversion from mutable.map to immutable.map?
how to code a php function who will check whether the mode of apache is on safemode or not ?
is there any way to hook a debug function into a hook such as init and retrieve every php function whose operates there ?
using bosh/similar technique for existing application/system
tips for resolving hibernate/jpa entitynotfoundexception
url rewriting with mod_rewrite
how to set up virtual hosts properly on a windows machine using zend community ce ?
what's mean that caused by: javax.validation.validationexception: unable to find a default provider ?
how to convert type in tuples
turn off hibernate logs for certain query
unit testing several implementation of the same trait/interface
hibernate persist order
can this be done by sed?
how to kill all asynchronous processes
is there an easy way to integrate scaladoc into intellij idea?
drupal: show sub-menu in a different block as the parent menu
temporary operation in a temporary directory in shell script
enable --hyperling-source for "cabal install"
uninterrupted mp3 play on a website?
customize header of "create <content type>"
parsec-3.1.0 with custom token datatype
improved technique to store a filename in a variable?
padding has blue border in ie and firefox but not in chrome.
drupal: display success/error message
using option all over the place feels a bit awkward. am i doing something wrong?
unpacking varargin to individual variables
haskell: reading multiple command line arguments
handling large datasets with php/drupal
how do i react when somebody tries to guess admin directiories on my website?
binding type variables that only occur in assertions
parameter extends a class
what is the difference between an operator and a function in haskell?
why does `array(0,1,2) == array(0,1,2)` not return the expected result?
implicit parameter definition in class
why is there no string interpolation in scala?
after rewrite model sales/order_collection it works except in admin section, why?
convert option[object] to option[int] implicitly
the cost of nested methods
can haskell's parsec library be used to implement a recursive descent parser with backup?
remote access to apache2 server
haskell: how to get through 'no instance for' ?
how do i write the function 'twice' in haskell?
how to minor updates to drupal-6 with shared hosting
how do i show the number of images attached to a post on the image attachment page?
intercept page request behind firewall return altered content with php and apache
bubble sort algorithm implementations (haskell vs. c)
what does a fullstop (.) mean in haskell?
access and modify attributes/objects which are not part of the form backing bean
manage widgets from page edit screen
disadvantage of unlifted type products?
what is the proper way to wrap this php loop around the javascript
why are side-effects modeled as monads in haskell?
require anonymous user to register to add content-type
drupal, views: exposed filter.. how can i unselect all tags ?
mpm prefork apache uses absurd amount of memory
haskell's type system treats a numerical value as function?
redirect http to https for some page in site in apache
drupal: tags for cck fields ?
drupal: adding cck image fields to other cck fields
apache logformat ip address
reading annotation property in aspect
.htaccess mod_rewrite issue
apache beanutils.copyproperties is spilling too much log
error while validating html "document type does not allow element "li" here; missing one of "ul", "ol", "menu", "dir" start-tag"
drupal: how to theme a module
execute shell command in php on the desktop of another logged in user
haskell: 'no instance for' arising from a trivial usage of regex library
default type-parametrized function literal class parameter
rewrite content served by apache
apache rewrite to add a directory to request_uri not working on localhost running wamp.
apache rewrite exclusion
how can i redirect all traffic from one domain to another with an .htaccess file?
newbie queston: cannot load http://localhost/phptest:8080/
drupal: installing it in a subfolder...
drupal: replace tags with icons
finding out what user apache is running as?
drupal: how long should it take to rebuild permissions
apache/php - alias outgoing url
why "avoid method overloading" ?
are scala's mouse events working? how?
drupal, views, exposed filter: custom default selected tags
apache url rewrite problem
"ambigous type variable" error when defining custom "read" function
can apache configuration check cookies?
why scala's treeset returns sortedset
how we create .htaccess for iis ? is it possible ?
[haskell] set of an unordered data type with a given ordering
apache rewriterule: it is possible to 'detect' the first and second parameter?
html anchor too pull all sticky posts ?
in haskell, will calling length on a lazy bytestring force the entire string into memory?
verbosecheck in quickcheck 2?
saving/associating slider values with a pop-up menu
with apache/mod_wsgi how can i redirect to ssl and require auth?
is openatrium really slow?
how to remove date header from apache ?
half-sine pulse shaping
is there a way to encode a url in velocity template
sessionfactory in hibernate
apache mod_rewrite %2b and plus (+) signs...
what's the most minimal way to achieve dependency injection?
c compiler selection in cabal package
what is wrong: "value parsers is not a member of package scala.util.parsing.combinator"?
"subclassing" show in haskell?
css breaks in explorer (insert humor here)
how do i add items in primary links automatically as soon as some user publish new content.
haskell: convert unicode integer to actual unicode character
how to time-delay email deliveries?
simulink: type consistency errors
how to apply two functions onto the same string without using ">>"
uncomplete ezplot drawing
error creating bean with name 'sessionfactory'
importing content into drupal.
how to get sales volume of product in front-end?
am i allowed to declare a lifecycle interceptor on an interceptor?
password protect for fun
what is wrong with my definition of zip in haskell?
how do you write the function 'pair' in haskell?
using the search box causes get_posts() malfunction
front page featured section
simulink: implementing a custom transfer function
is there a function for checking whether a matrix is diagonally dominant (row dominance)
different results when applying function to equal values
underscore before theme name
problem with double and rational number
scalaz: request for use case
getting error when trying to save cck text fields in drupal.
filter that uses elements from two arrays at the same time
how to get downloadable product links after successfull order
what are the best features of scala?
how to prevent hacking of a wp site
patter matching for custom read function
getting all categories in external page.
higher-kinded types with c++
how do you promote blogs to a page other than the home page in drupal?
what are the features of dynamic languages (like ruby or clojure) which you are missing in scala?
scala/erlang uses the greenthread model or not ?
understanding haskell's filter
faster projected-norm (quadratic-form, metric-matrix...) style computations
i need to block my feed completly
modern java alternatives
drupal: allowing users to sign up to content using a form
using monadplus in frp.reactive.fieldtrip
removing an array dimension where the elements sum to zero
dependency injection mechanism
what type of webapp is the sweet spot for scala's lift framework?
what is detached  persistance and transient object in hibernate ?
the reason for monadstate get and put?
what's the difference between get_posts and the_content?
drupal: two-way communication between unregistered customer and admin
ghci error: not in scope
haskell: what's the type of this function?
scala: can i nudge a combinator parser to be locally greedy?
how to check whether a particular widget is show or not in the sidebar ?
jar utility for the java package org.apache.poi.hssf.usermodel.*
join tables to get sold products
do php 4.4.9 based applications run on php 5.2.0 flawlessly?
admin now missing from authors dropdown
why this either-monad code does not type check?
haskell: why is it saying my function type is off?
exception in jee application email notification pattern
[haskell] problem when mixing type classes and type families
using beans from another project
short way to breakout to specific collection type?
using rest webservices as a datasource for lift ?
understanding syb boilerplate elimination
vector projection on matrix along diagonal.
why can i not rewrite parent class?
spring security: redirect to invalid-session-url instead of logout-success-url on successful logout
closures and universal quantification
mapping to a json method with url-pattern
<:< operator in scala.
cannot override a concrete member without a third member that's overridden by both
immutability and shared references - how to reconcile?
what is the most efficient way to create emtpy listbuffer ?
why does option not implement iterable directly?
start app in a web flow
"programming in haskell" error in sat function
hooking into comment_text() to add surrounding tag
can one create sized types in scala?
how to use objetcs as modules/functors in scala?
how to merge a 64 by 64 cell into a 1 by 1 cell
quicksort + profiling
which is the best php opensource e-commerce for handle 5 million prducts import daily?
create blog post simply and easily
wp_redirect acting weird. requires die() afterward?
srping, autowire @value from a database
using kate with simple build tool (sbt)
using lazy evaluation functions in varargs
properties framework in java apps
scala: how can i sort an array of tuples by their second element?
"pattern matching" of algebraic type data constructors
optional attribute values in mappedfield
is there an easy way to convert a boolean to an integer?
can not get scion_server to be created using runghc
wp function to retrieve database connection
can you return an assignable lvalue in scala?
setting nested object to null when combobox has empty value
best way to get a vector from sparse matrix
need help with continuations-error "found cps expression in non-cps position"
by-name-parameters for constructors
which cms do i need? needs to be easy to post a certain kind of post
why is there "data" and "newtype" in haskell?
scala: how to combine parser combinators from different objects
why so long time span in creating session factory?
a think on sum(x, 1)
how to convert indexed bitmap images to non-index binary bitmap and replace in place?
caused by: java.lang.nosuchmethoderror: org.springframework.beans.mutablepropertyvalues.add(ljava/lang/string;ljava/lang/object;)lorg/springframework/beans/mutablepropertyvalues;
in scala, how does one write a class with a constructor, not all of whose arguments are class members ?
is it possible for tick marks on an image to be centered around the -edge- of a pixel?
complete haskore example
scala: can't catch exception thrown inside a closure
how to access a field's value via reflection (scala 2.8)
matab - trace contour line between two different points
very dumb question about intellij idea
how can i check an object to see its type and return a casted object
continuation monad "interface"
can you do logic programming in scala?
you do not have sufficient permissions to access this page.
how can i make cabal search for external programs?
lift `??` construct and maven example
scala: is it possible to override default case class constructor?
how to define a structural type that refers to itself?
type error while trying to implement the (>>=) function in order to create a custom monad transformer.
gae jcache numberformatexception, will i need to write java to avoid?
what are all the instances of syntactic sugar in scala?
how to unimport string "+" operator in scala?
can anybody help me with using wp_print_scripts, wp_enque_scripts, wp_head, wp_register_script
insert in the head tag after wp_head
how to create sorted map in scala?
implementing seq[t] for cps-classes
how do i convert pipe delimited to comma delimited with escaping
what transaction manager should i use for jbdc template when using jpa ?
parser combinators info
have you actually convinced anybody to scala?
haskell: problems with overloading: interpreter can´t tell which + to use
is there an open source wordpress plug-in to implement facebook/twitter/openid/... authentication?
general method for making sub arrays around a particular element
sort a matrix with another matrix
how do i get the scalaz idea live templates working for the symbolic methods?
how to make ensime work in windows?
haskell: dealing with types and exceptions
how to remove js:illredir-s [trj] (virus) from website ?
scala: "parameter type in structural refinement may not refer to an abstract type defined outside that refinement"
are monads writer m and either e categorically dual?
how do you overide a class that is called by another class with parent::method
scala's simple-build-tool doesn't appear to run tests
scala: type variance and pattern matching between two equal types
get the indices of the n largest elements in a matrix
what is meant by scala's path-dependent types?
springframework3.0: how to create interceptors that only apply to requests that map to certain controllers?
simulink: specifying trajectory
problem with autowiring & no unique bean
render yesod widget
apply tax by shipping orgin when store pick up
can i transform this asynchronous java network api into a monadic representation (or something else idiomatic)?
why isn't my io executed in order?
ghc-pkg vs cabal
generics and constrained polymorphism versus subtyping
by-name repeated parameters
pass data from workspace to a function
??? error using ==> dlmread at 55 filename must be a string.
overloading generic implicit conversions
image drawing library for haskell?
how to add remember me function at custom login box ?
jsr-303 dependency injection and hibernate
@autowire strange problem
traits vs template
declaring functions two ways. what is the distinction?
is odersky serious with "bills !*&^%~ code!"   ?
how do you install ghc into cygwin or point cygwin to ghc?
why is springsource tool suite (sts) so slow? and how can i fix it?
scala's tuple unwrapping nuance
scala: when are singleton objects constructed?
is there an implementation of rapid concurrent syntactical sugar in scala? eg. map-reduce
trait implementation
restrictions in trait mixing
how to use gd binding in haskell?
using scala-2.8.0.rc1 with maven and intellij 9.0.1
strange pattern matching with functions instancing show
what is lift's state idiom?
scala: working around the "illegal cyclic reference"
how to @autowire objects in validator classes?
nested cps "reset"
inheritance and type parameters of traversable
minimizing springldap dependencies.
better exception for non-exhaustive patterns in case
how to create commonsmultipartfile object given only a file.
niewbie outofmemory problem
how do i break out of a loop in scala?
convert f(x,y) to a 2-d matrix
safe and polymorphic toenum
em.persist seems doesn't persist data on postgresql db
is there any working implementation of reverse mode automatic differentiation for haskell?
implicit parameter in scalaz
plotting bessel functions
using load instead of other i/o command
why tointeger :: int -> integer is lazy?
how to get error text in controller from bindingresult
how can i make a maybe-transformer maybet into an instance of monadwriter?
where to start with google reader as an api?
dynamically create class in scala, should i use interpreter?
overloading on return type ???
add multiple hist fit to a figure, without the hist
how do i transpose a vector into the third dimension?
a dynamic array of class "landmark", inside another single class "landmarks"
php date() function displaying wrong time
flowcharting functional programming languages
best way to pass objects between controller actions in grails
has anyone ever encountered a monad transformer in the wild?
content being echoed below footer in category post template
rotation matrix calculates by column not by row
how would i yield an immutable.map in scala?
pointcut matching methods with annotated parameters
run wshaskell on other machine
converting convex hull to binary mask
php: iterate through folders and display html contends
matalb: convert global coordinates to figure coordinates
mtl, transformers, monads-fd, monadlib, and the paradox of choice
read angles in radian and convert them in degrees/minutes/seconds
capture types of varargs parameters
composing independent traits
anybody konws gui dsl on scala?
error " index exceeds matrix dimensions"
sum of fibonacci numbers
how do i write a constant-space length function in haskell?
how do laziness and i/o work together in haskell?
deterministic annealing code
analyzing data for noisy arrays
is the + in += on a map a prefix operator of =?
converting from subarray coordinates to array coordinates
control statements in haskell?
plotting data with meshgrid
haskell: what is the difference between $ (dollar) and $! (dollar exclamation point)
beans... what is it actually
inyect a mockups to a bean that has @autowired annotations
should i upgrade to intellij ultimate edition?
using cepstrum for pda
why is this class re-initialized every time?
multiplying numbers on horizontal, vertial, and diagonal lines
error: attempted to access data(2,:); index out of bounds because size(data)=[1,7129].
how to write a variable with input ?
named constructors in scala?
naming case classes in scala.
when should i use package and when object in scala?
extending existing data structure in scala.
perfect hash in scala.
what is the standard way to optimise mutual recursion in f#/scala?
how to get ponter/reference semantics in scala.
how do you code up a pattern matching block in scala?
program to find the result of primitive recursive functions
pattern matching for lambda expressions
how can the crosshair of ginput be restricted to one plot?
iterators for mutable collections in scala?
how can i get a node adjacent to a unique node using scala?
passing enum parameter to a case class does not work
how to efficiently replace a vector of ids by a vector of corresponding numerical values
discovering a functional algorithm from a mutable one
demanging typeclass functions in ghc profiler output
handling incremental data modeling changes in functional programming
what's the way to determine if an int a perfect square in haskell?
how to add a number to a variable?
lazyinializationexception with transactional annotation in messageconvert
select all points in a matrix within 30m of another point
can haskell's monads be thought of as using and returning a hidden state parameter?
haskell: a data structure for storing ascending integers with a very fast lookup
displaying database content in wxhaskell
shading an area boundered by a curve
hackage package dependencies and future-proof libraries
java.lang.illegalargumentexception: method must not be null
is do-notation specific to "base:ghc.base.monad"?
paypal standard option does not appear on the checkout page
what algorithm good for image matching?
using polyfit to predict where the object falls ?
how do i get the sums of the digits of a large number in haskell?
problems with haskell's number types
gadts and scrap your boilerplate
making gif animation from "movie" command
etl , esper or drools?
applying a function with multiple inputs using map? (haskell)
how to find out master product of simple product?
how to plot ellipse in this format?
help understand strange behavior in a lazy code
dependency injection into your singleton
haskell: defaulting constraints to type
creating multiple forms in one jsp file. modelattributes have to always be set?
vectorizing sums of different diagonals in a matrix
bindingresult.rejectvalue does not find value from validationmessages.properties
simulink sim of rician channel ber process
why does s ++ t not lead to a stack overflow for large s?
parallelize or vectorize all-against-all operation on a large number of matrices?
adding slider to a movie
why is simulink data type conversion block altering the data when it should be typecasting?
out-of-memory algorithms for addressing large arrays
how to count number of elements of same value in a matrix?
percentage of white pixel
(type theoretical) how is ([] ==) []  typed in haskell?
what is the algorithm of skeleton
haskell: opengl, how to prevent immediate window closing
are there any purely functional schemes or lisps?
which is your favorite "hidden gem" package on hackage?
how can my-program.hs get its version number from my-program.cabal at build time?
(newbie) type signature "maybe a" doesn't like "just [event]"
infinite loop in haskell? (newbie)
in haskell, what does it mean if a binding "shadows an existing binding"?
confusion regarding laziness
how to call functions/methods within cms block or page?
local vs core contoller
strange type-related error
maximize frame on startup  in wxhaskell
simple putstrln in haskell/yampa with arrows syntax
a function isn't loading
is there a good way to quickcheck happstack.state methods?
an unusual type signature
haskell: variant of `show` that doesn't wrap string and char in quotes
putstrln, type char does not match [char]
what is being passed in?
haskell: read input character from console immediately, not after newline.
problem with incomplete input when using attoparsec
writing a sample server app - is forkio unavoidable?
why can't ghci resolve the kind of [[]] ?
how to set cookie in magneto
info on type family instances
stm monad problem
maggento shoping cart gives the below error
[haskell]curious about the hash table problem
what are uses of polymorphic kinds?
what's the status of multicore programming in haskell?
how do i use multiple where clauses in ghci?
what does the `forall` keyword in haskell/ghc do?
how do i silence network.browser.browse's logs to stdout?
are rank2types/rankntypes practical without polytype variables?
pattern matching in a let expression
[haskell] adding a show instance to rwh's randomstate example.
code golf (sort of): a functional puzzle
join collection to get the customer name (for admin grid)
how do i get ghci to see packages i installed from cabal?
google analtyics is showing hundreds of 404s resulting from a null url
y-combinator in ft edsl
on ghc extensions
nice small simple real life programming example in haskell?
are there any tutorials on building a simple interpreter using alex + happy?
is haskell, truly pure (is any language that deals with input and output outside the system)?
is cabal-install supposed to act this way?
learning haskell, care to help out?
why does the pointfree version of this function look like this?
why can't i define a new type in ghci?
how do i use constants in haskell, to avoid magic numbers ?
how can i convert a (storablearray (int, int) word8) into a lazy bytestring?
what is the relationship between unboxed types and strictness?
trying to understand haskell's => vs defining the types
map versus mapm behavior
how can i efficiently copy 2-dimensional arrays of bytes into a larger 2d array?
how can i build cabal-install on eeepc 701 / ubuntu netbook remix 1.6 (lucid)
how does one declare an abstract data container type in haskell?
help functors sink in.
implementing the haskell-maybemonad in f# - how can we get this lazy?
[haskell] error "no instance for (num [t])" in collatz function
constraining the returntype to a context
ghc's rts options for garbage collection
haskell: functions that sometimes return a function
wxhaskell asynchronous updates
after overriding contoller how to best update handles
[haskell] space leak
haskell: what does it mean to have a typeclass of `num [a]` vs a typeclass of `(num a) => [a]`
track inventory for add custom options in add simple product.
likning simple products to configurable product via soap api v2
haskell: how to write interactive interpreter on top of a state monad?
ghc refuses to export qualified modules
memoization in haskell?
how do i specify types for haskell's set builder notation ?
how do i write, "if typeclass a, then a is also an instance of b by this definition."
modifying the pretty printer from haskell-src-exts
why this is not throwing any type error?
using haskell's types to replace assert statements or if checks in other languages
newbie question: what role does the indentation play here? and why one indent doesn't work?
cannot derive a show instance for data containing utctime
ghci displaying execution stack
how do typeclasses and modules interact?
removing a block nested in a block via the local.xml file.
what is ghci's default implementation of monaderror?
haskell: how is <*> pronounced?
in ghc, is there a way to print the exports of module?
fatal error varien_autoload not found
what is the correct type declaration for this function?
functional proofs (haskell)
deducing type of multi-parameter type class
debug output of game objects in haskell/yampa and hood
cabal installing quickcheck version problem
how to get ascii value of character in haskell?
monad "bind" function question
is haskell's mapm not lazy?
what's the right way to divide two int values to obtain a float?
matching multiple data type constructors at once
pattern matching for equality
add a checkbox to product image gallery (like "disable/exclude")
why doesn't the "$" function work consistantly?
writing a function with a universally-quantified return type
how does one get strings (not string literals) into blazehtml attributes/element contents?
haskell: custom types with conditions
recurring profile and bundled item
[haskell] equivalent expressions produce different results in a function?
how to do we keep multiple semantic values during parsing with happy/haskell
how to match newlines with alex/haskell
how to prevent ordering certain products - or a category -  from a specific country
haskell: print textencoding
int vs integer in class instance
error : not all products are available in the requested quantity !! what does this mean?
haddock losing part of the documentation?
first-order logic formula
retrieve attribute code
haskell: read and type signatures
where can is the product insert funtion , i cannot find the function which inserts the product into database
inserted  custom option not displaying only displays after refresh
use of type synonyms in monad transformers
operating on a return from a maybe that contains "just"
tips for more elegant code with monads?
renaming current module
haskell: nonobvious examples of functional dependencies
[haskell] common recursion pattern
produce permutations of arbitrary number of sequences
duplicate definition for symbol __module_registered error
rearranging string containing repeating patterns of variable length
have j style adverbs, forks etc been emulated via libraries in mainstream functional languages?
how practical is it to embed the core of a language with an effectful function space (like ml) into haskell?
after join cannot filter by attribute qty - getting products from invetory that are in stock
multiple stores and multiple admins with different roles.
magento - create new user returns sqlstate[hy000] [2002] can't connect to local mysql server through socket '/var/lib/mysql/mysql.sock' help?
megento module action on productview
magneto discount  coupon code set but value is not subtracted  from subtotal...
search by category name
j2t_ajaxcheckout installation
troubles after installing two stores with same php docroot
add a date picker to system.xml on custom module
sort categories according to date when its added
magneto performance tunning
can subccategories be included in the menus directly?
product price issue
how do i edit the actual content of this typo3 plugin object?
which file? to edit the breadcrumbs starting point
how to add custom modules in magneto
aw blog (create bookmarklet feature)
fatal error: call to a member function setactive() on a non-object
maaging footer content,
show price inc vat for uk users only
magenot: difference between loading product through collection than product model
can i configure a product like this
how to get data for an entity (for example customer) from eav_attribute table to be shown in customer grid for admin
magento: case/tiered pricing and being able to break out of case and price for individual skus
static page links not working without index.php in front
get catagory attribute in frontend
add a free product if over £50
how to have "my cart" link outside of top links?
getstorecategories() returns nothing
favicon.ico on multi-domain sites?
apply discount directly to subtotal in magetno..
2 customer created with master slave configured
how can i add rating information to a review
recently purchased products
inventory decreases by 1 even if order was cancelled
wrong amount for item in quote and order
magento - how to rewrite /app/design/frontend/default/default/template/customer/form/register.phtml
allot customer group according to their email id
toggle shipping methods based on products
overridding a shipping method - what am i missing
user group gets page access
ecommerce site solutions: to pay or not to pay?
how to set shipping cost per product
what shopping cart is the most scalable?
error :php extension curl must be loaded
module adminhtml blocks not loading
multiple websites share the same order increment id sequence?
what is the best way to limit a modules functionality by store or website
enterprise edition controller events not firing if full page cache is enabled
what is the best way to to execute code before a  page is loaded
is it possible to target just simple product from phtml template?
access to filter var attribute?
megento vertnav expand one category
don't display stock counter for bundle products
anyone know how to access the magento gift card sku in transactional email template?
