bash reg-exp substitution
how do i make bash reverse-search work in terminal.app without it displaying garbled output?
parallelize bash script
how to make a pipe loop in bash
how do i write a for loop in bash
how do you parse a filename in bash?
bash script to pack file names
using the result of a command as an argument in bash?
can a bash script tell what directory it's in?
advanced directory switching in bash
what are some of your favorite little known command-line tricks using bash?
$$ in bash.
what is the bash command to create a hardlink to a directory in os x?
determine if a function exists in bash
in a bash script, how do i sanitize user input?
how do i escape the wildcard/asterisk character in bash?
in bash, environmental variables not tab-expanding correctly
favorite bash prompt
real-time history export amongst bash terminal windows
bash prompt in os x terminal broken
can i pass an arbitrary block of commands to a bash function?
is it possible to detect 32 bit vs 64 bit in a bash script?
bash variable scope
how do i remove file suffix and path portion of a path string in bash?
how do i serve a script with apache instead of running it?
can i run a script when i commit to subversion?
is bash getopts function destructive to the command-line options?
how do i sort a file in place using bash shell?
escape < and > in sed/bash
bash script runs from shell but not from cron job
autoconf using sh, i need shell=bash, how do i force autoconf to use bash?
bash: start multiple chained commands in background
how do i iterate over a range of numbers in bash?
how to check syntax in bash (without running the script)
opening named pipes in non-blocking mode in bash
how do you handle the "too many files" problem when working in bash?
best way to parse command line arguments in bash
bash: how _best_ to include other scripts?
in the bash script how do i know the script file name?
run oracle sql script from java
how do i reuse a command in bash with different parameters?
what is the best way to perform timestamp comparison in bash
hidden features of bash
how to tell if a sting is not defined in a bash shell script?
string contains in bash
how to add a progress bar to a bash script?
truncate output in bash
how do i delete a bash function?
detecting failure of a bash "export" value
run command when bash script is stopped
chroot + execvp + bash
how to iterate over arguments in bash script
going backwards in a bash prompt
how do you normalize a file path in bash
how can i automatically quote or group commandline arguments for alias in bash?
urlencode from a bash script
how to escape white space in bash loop list
bash read inside a loop reading a file
how do i use regular expressions in bash scripts?
are there any commands that are usually used for comparing time in bash shell script?
bash if -a vs -e option
remove whitespace from bash variable
remove duplicates from bash history
how can i remove the first line of a text file using bash/sed script
how to bind a key to sigkill in bash?
how do i get bash completion to work with aliases?
parsing a line in bash
how do i get the autcomplete control script side with a script control (asp.net)
writing bash script to change text and write to a log
bash scripting..copying files without overwriting
how to glob variables in bash script
how to trim whitespace from bash variable?
what is the most elegant way to remove a path from the $path variable in bash?
avoid expansion of * in bash builtin function let
best way to simulate "group by" from bash
how do i control a job's "name" in bash?
detect os from a bash script
auto complete by end/middle of line in bash
[bash] escape a string for sed search pattern
compare integer in bash, unary operator expected
how can i select random files from a directory in bash?
append text to stderr redirects in bash
how can a bash script know the directory it is installed in when it is sourced with . operator?
removing directories with spaces with bash
extract substring in bash
shell script templates
temporary redirection of stderr in a bash script
bash: how to feed a command with the multiple results generated by one subcommand
access x11 display from empty environment (bash)
lambda functions in bash
shell script for adjusting image size
creating indented text with bash
bash script to create symbolic links to shared libraries
how would you represent eof in bash?
parallel processing from a command queue on linux (bash, python, ruby... whatever)
using bash to fix maildir mtimes problem
extract all matching substrings in bash
how do i do date math in a bash script on os x leopard?
how can i ping many subsites ~/[0, 3].html in bash?
pcmanfm arguements; bash
problem redirecting a c program output in bash
environment path loading incorrectly in bash
how many ways can i get bash alias completion on partial substring
bash: get list of commands starting with a given string
bash: get list of variables whose name matches a certain pattern
xargs doesn't recognize bash aliases
do not try this! the following bash command will spawn processes to kernel death. can you explain the syntax?
bash completion for make with generic targets in a makefile
how to terminate script's process tree in cygwin bash from bash script
insert command into bash shell
find and replace from a bash command
echo spaces in bash script
uses for this bash filename extraction technique?
bash - passing arguments by reference
how do i redirect stdin from a shell script to a command in the shell script?
control-r reverse-i-search in bash: how do you "reset" the search?
hiding the text before an input to only $-sign in bash?
how do i check in bash whether a file was created more than x time ago?
bash script does not continue to read the next line of file
how can i pass a complete argument list in bash while keeping mulitword arguments together?
press alt + numeric in bash and you get (arg [numeric]) what is that?
what goodies are present in unix shells sans bash?
alternate way to trigger reverse-i-search without pressing ctrl+r in bash
check if a program exists from a bash script.
batch renaming with bash
capturing multiple line output to a bash variable
bash : how to use screen to have a term session used at home after work?
bash scripting - no output, no echo
problem with bash's command_not_found_handle()
errors on beginner bash script
bash history re-runs: possible command to avoid using !bang! ?
redirect stderr and stdout in a bash script
encoding keyboard command onto bash script
number of tokens in bash variable
how do i tell if a file does not exist in bash?
can you prevent a command from going into the bash shell command history?
redirect the stdin to come from a different terminal using bash
using packagemaker to run a script on install
bash: sleep until a specific time/date
distributing loadable builtin bash modules
bash ^word^replacement^ on all matches?
bash: recursively adding subdirectories to the path
scripting for bash screen
is [[ ]] preferable over [ ] in bash scripts?
getting a 'source: not found' error when using source in a bash script
how to manage long paths in bash?
redirecting bash stdout/stderr to two places?
correct bash and shell script variable capitalization
why can i run a bash function with the 000 permissions?
bash stacktrace
removing created temp files in unexpected bash exit
timeout a command in bash without unnecessary delay
why can't i use job control in a bash script?
what are replacement and new practices from sh to bash?
how do i write a bash script to restart a process if it dies?
validating parameters to a bash script
calenadr calculations in bash
how do i alter tab autocomplete in bash to dive through folders?
why is this bash prompt acting strangely/disappearing, and how do i fix it (os x)?
how to run two processes as though they were one in bash?
bash - supress notice of forked command being killed
using the passwd command from with in a shell script
run the output of a script as a standalone bash command
bash tab-completion inside double-quoted string
bash to beep if command takes more than 1 minute to finish
how can i use lame to encode wav files within a shell script? i'm trying to set artist information via variables with spaces in them. lame craps out. maybe i'm being retarded with bash?
run bash script as source without source command
how do you use binary conversion in python/bash/awk?
multiple commands in an alias for bash
unable to make a tab completion file for macports in bash?
save last working directory on bash logout
regular expression grabbing x amount of values out in linux bash
unable to forward search bash history similarly as with ctrl-r
unable to find release notes for bash
variables as commands in bash scripts
bash completion for certain types of files in a special directory
how do you copy text from firefox in windows to bash shell in unix?
access a variable in a bash script
parse an email message for sender name in bash
bash: possible to abort shell script if any command returns a non-zero value?
bash script parameters
{bash} howto insert a number into a string for wget
executing commands containing space in bash
how to use environment variable inside a quoted string in bash script
like to store all command-line arguments to a bash script into a single variable
bash in vi-mode: browsing shell history with cursor up/down, cursor position not at the end?
how do i find my computer's ip address using the bash shell?
recommended online resources for learning bash scripting
why sometimes when i paste a command on my bash prompt it gets executed?
bash: save in a variable the number of seconds a process took to run
timing concurrent processes in bash with 'time'
bash. test for a variable unset, using a function
change current directory from a script
bash: redirect and append both stdout and stderr
bash check if user mount fails
unable to add a parameter to your command in bash
putting the output of a command with interaction inside a variable while using grep in bash
how to do a search? (bash)
argument checking problem in bash script
bash shell for windows?
how to evaluate a given path within a bash shell
can ${var} expressions be nested in bash?
split string based on delimiter in bash?
bash condition of the form - [ -n "${var:-x}" ] gets evaluated even though var is set
bash - replace all instances of mutliple newline with a single newline
how do i write a bash alias/function to grep all files in all subdirectories for a string?
how to check in a bash script if something is running and exit if it is.
mixing single and double quotations in bash
redirecting a directory to a script on apache
how to do gui for bash scripts?
bash customizations
how can i program ksh93 to use bash autocompletion?
saving current directory to bash history
how to debug a bash script?
redirecting stderr to a variable in a bash script
extract filename and extension in bash
how to produce range with step n in bash?
bash date/time arithmetic
how to initialize a bash array with output piped from another command ?
strange error checking if directory exists with bash script
how to send a sigint to python from a bash script?
how to extract and chop version string from file in bash
capturing standard error into a variable in bash
gnu screen running a bash init script
bash - redirecting of stdoutput and stderror does not catch all output
how does this bash fork bomb work?
right align/pad numbers in bash
bash: delete until a specific file
add (collect) exit codes in bash
bash: how to traverse directory structure and execute commands?
check if a function exists from a bash script.
define variable to hold non-current date in bash
how to scp across servers using bash?
is it possible to make a bash file run as root in crontab?
can a bash function be used in different scripts?
how to check if gcc has failed, returned a warning, or succeeded? (in bash)
using bash command line, how to add "import package.name.*;" to many java files?
how do i change bash history completion to complete what's already on the line?
how to chop last n bytes of a sting in bash string choping?
bash shell script syntax error
zip columns from separate files together in bash
unable to make a if-else loop for google-books in bash
bash: getting standard program for file type
in bash, how does one clear the current input?
undelete the deleted command in bash.
problem with non blocking fifo in bash
bash tool to parse csv files
passing arrays as parameters in bash
bash script what is := for?
is bash scripting still the way to go?
execute a shell command from a shell script without stoping if error occurs
write a shell script that find-greps and outputs filename and content in 1 line
what's the easiest way to colorize bash shell outputs?
bash, dash and string comparison
run bash script from windows powershell
bash script -- logname validation
including string expressions in bash commands
shortest way to swap two files in bash
capturing output of find . -print0 into a bash array
shell scripting. command substitution issue in my script.
bash variables with multiple commands and reentrant
bash/cygwin/$path:  do i really have to reboot to alter $path?
bash case syntax - meaning of "-@"
to bind clear to ^l in bash
wait for bash background jobs in script to be finished
using a bash script on a mac to connect to network shares?
in a bash script/command how can i make a pc beep noise, or play a sound file?
properly handling space and quotes in bash completion
bash script shell input
what does ${2:-${1}} mean in bash?
how to assign a heredoc value to a variable in bash?
how to pass long strings for search and replace in a bash, sed, or rpl script?
jquery script is using to much memory
automatically timing every executed command and show in bash prompt?
how do you use shell script variables as arguments to sed?
newline madness in bash script
how to use a variable in oracle script for the table name
replace output in a loop in bash scripting
inserting text to a file with sed within bash script
bash: run another program in the current directory while running from path
how can i derefence symbolic links in bash?
bash script executting su command
extract filename and path from url in bash script
check whether stderr is a pipe in bash
looping over commands to print and execute in bash
how do i rename a bash function?
value of global variable doesn't change in bash.
bash (mac): edit file and some if commands.
bash: extract last parameter from "$@"
bash: tee output and capture exit status
how to record the ouput of executable running with bash script and standard input?
bash rename files
how to include a timer in bash scripting?
bash grep newline
how can i ensure a bash string is alphanumeric, without an underscore?
error in bash script while reading a file.
add a single bash command
bash string comparison syntax
bash == operator in [[ ]] is too smart!
openssl in bash script
bash string to date
delete all files but keep all directories in a bash script?
syntax for a single-line bash infinite while loop
[bash] check if a package is installed and then install it if it's not.
what does <() do in bash?
exit status code for expect script called from bash
how to list variables declared in script in bash?
os x bash: dirname
how to test filename expansion result in bash?
bash copy all files expect one.
bash and test-driven development
bash scripting - how to set the group that new files will be created with?
bash: how to change the basename only of a list of files
what is the safest way to initialize bash arrays with quoted values from function output?
(less ugly way to) slice an array in bash
why a hard coded string var is changing when the bash script is run as root ?
bash scripting call to awk
bash: error message does not get redirected to file
bash/mysql complains about ) character
passing bash arguments
bash script plugin for eclipse?
changing word delimiters in bash
bash: measure disk space of certain file types in aggragate
bash script to archive files and then copy new ones.
notify upon background jobs finishing running in bash
get current working directory name in bash script
how to detect a build error from ant/maven via a bash script?
quoting not respected inside a bash variable
in a bash script, how can i exit the entire script if a certain condition occurs?
hide a bash function internals..
bash: detect if user's path has a specific directory in it
how to run processes piped with bash on multiple cores?
bash - remove non-word characters from a file but keep newlines?
bash : list files by last edited date?
how to create a bash script to check the ssh connection?
bash - single quote inside double quote for sql where clause
what's wrong with my bash array?
bash script: downloading consecutive numbered files with wget
bash / php quoting command line argument
bash: how to flush output to a file while running
sed replace command inside of a bash script?
how do i make sure my bash script isn't already running?
bash script for downloading files with curl
how to rollover the standard output from bash?
bash mysql query to comma separated file
extract data from csv in bash script (sed, awk, grep?)
timing a curl operation in bash
commenting in bash script
manually iterating a line of a file | bash
literal quotes in flags for a command in a bash script
line of bash code from .configure file
bash script to perform operation on each argument against the final argument
how do you execute sql from within a bash script?
how to check if a string has spaces in bash shell
synchronize shell script execution
bash: does it support conditional variables like var="test"?"1":"2"
nested case in bash script
how to define hash tables in bash?
how to get the nth positional argument in bash?
how do i romove specific characters from file names using bash
awk and printf in bash
bash return value
with bash, how can i pipe standard error into another process?
equivalent of select or poll in bash
help me make this bash script pretty, or just less ghastly
bash script for manual routes and default gateway problem
calling grep from a bash script
bash - format a textfile - pair every two lines
bash: echoing an argument after a slash inserts a blank character
kill process in bash that runs more than specified time?
bash input/output in c++
how to run every script in a directory except itself?
validate emails with bash
finding a pattern and extracting it into another file using sed in bash
bash: join elements of an array?
can bash be configured to search string on the current input line?
de-dupe files in bash
how would one implement bash-like tab completion?
printing out names of only directories and not files (bash)
how to properly make path handling robust in a bash program?
how do i forward parameters to other command in bash script?
bash: limit the number of concurrent jobs?
how to force bash autocomplete to one command ?
bash script to edit xml file
echo in a bash script changing '--md5' to '?-md5'
bash can not get if to work like i want to
bash comparing stored "boolean" value with what?
bash shell scripting - csv parsing
bash: find and copy
bash scripts : whiptail file select
handle special characters in bash for...in loop
how to create a backup of an postgres db using bash?
how to ask bash to wait for a result and send a sigkill when it get it ?
problem in running a script
bash script passing stdin input to a program and giving control back to user input
bash and filenames with spaces
using $@ properly (bash)
how to check for an exploding zip file in bash?
why does bash sometime not flush output to a file
bash globbing - autoexpand for a few specific cases?
how to supply many argv with one bash var ?
bash : make job every x days
looking for recommendations on a good bash tutorial
use bash to read a file and then execute a command from the words extracted
why aliases in a non-interactive bash shell do not work
how to filter out a set of strings a from a set of strings b using bash
connecting two bash commands
bash loop between two given dates
bash script to edit a bunch of files
bash script - select from database into variable
bash command to open largest file
bash scripting - execute and grep command inside script
terminate running commands when shell script is killed
bash loop - tokenize on lines rather than words
preserving leading white space while reading>>writing a file line by line in bash
why bash ignore newlines when doing for loop over the contents of a c-style string?
how to get the pid of a process that is piped to another process in bash?
how to sudo on a computer using ssh inside a bash script
bash egrep numbers not working in case
bash menu:  return to menu after selection made and executed?
bash script to find the most recently modified file
indenting bash script output
accessing ssh key from bash script running via a cron job
security or other gotcahs in apache-cgi-bash application?
using file contents as command line arguements in bash
bash :: find file in archive from command line
pass list of variables to bash script
reading java .properties file from bash
multi-threaded bash programming - generalized method?
how can i read a list of filenames from a file in bash?
bash: what expands to all files in current directory recursively
executing for-each in bash
the easiest way to replace white spaces with (underscores) _ in bash
can't seem to use bash -c option with arguments after the -c option string
bash case menu - dynamic choices
dynamically building a command in bash
remove first 4 letters from a folder name using bash scripting
bash usage of vi or emacs
how to use ping in a script
transpose a file in bash
bash - recursively create nonexistant subdirectories
see binary instead of hex in binary file while in a shell like bash.
filter hidden files with bash (for batch image resize script)
strip characters before period if filename has prefix in bash
is it possible to capture bash output into the osx finder clipboard
redirect output to a bash array
while executing a shell script in unix bash shell, how is a file location resolved for relative paths? rel. to the script.sh folder or the referenced file's folder.
bash: assign '&' to variable not as string
bash script to watch a folder
using dos file contents as command line arguments in bash...
bash: for filename do......
[bash] replace a line in a text file
lines and columns environmental variables lost in a script
in bash shell script how do i convert a string to an number
bash alias query
how can i assign the output of a function to a variable using bash?
looking for book on bash scriping
execute conky with a cron job and bash
test a file date with bash
bash scripting " [!: not found " errors, and how to write an or statement
how do i include parameters in a bash alias?
check if mac process is running using bash by process name
pid of last started process in bash-script
sending mail from bash shell script.
bash errors in this script ?
bash: how do i truncate an array?
bash alias of an svn command piped to awk
monitoring bash script won't terminate
check if screensaver is active using mac bash script command
bash: hashing multiple files recursively
how to write bash script to search for ip's in a file and put write them to another file?
how can this src vs. build tree timestamp comparison be faster? (bash)
simple math statements in bash in a for loop.
bash daemon named "sh" or "sleep" not the filename....
detecting program errors in bash scripts?
making graphs with a shell script
putting the last command's wall time in bash prompt
bash environment variables and finding installation directories
more simple math help in bash!
add specific directories to bash find command
bash script doesnt run correctly as background process
bash scripting general questions (conditionals and variable passing)
how do i prompt a user for confirmation in bash script?
bash script on a mac creates a info popup
pick up curent user in bash on a mac
read file line by line in bash expands special characters
bash || within if []; block
how to upload (ftp) files to server in a bash script?
how to ssh from within a bash script?
bash completion: what can we do with it, what lies in the future.
return a regex match in a bash script, instead of replacing it
split svnversion output in bash
-bash: ./configure: no such file or directory   - mysql install on osx10.6
locale-aware uppercase in bash?
randomizing arg order for a bash for statement
search through a range of directories bash script
opening terminal windows with bash
autocomplete for the ruby command in bash
sequence expression in bash
bash syntax: what is the "<<"?
how to confirm a command in every bash loop
little bash script: catch errors?
bash: add value to array without specifying a key
bash script to always answer no to any prompt ?
how to substitute a string in bash script
bash script - read binary file
why is my bash script adding <feff> to the beginning of files?
cannot scp a path with spaces from bash script?
bash: convert non-ascii characters to ascii
split line into words in bash
passing a string with spaces as a function argument in bash
how to cut some text from string in bash?
bash combine two arrays
bash scripting: how do i parse the output of a command and perform an action based on that output?
how do i use su to execute the rest of the bash script as that user?
bash function to prompt for and return input
bash insert a comma (,) after every third field of a variable or array?
reading stdin multiple times in bash
bash: calling a scripts with double-quote argument
bash: why is echo adding extra space?
do a complete flux of work on bash script
how to execute a bash command stored as a string with quotes and asterisk
mutable list or array structure in bash? how can i easily append to it?
one line assignment in bash
bash: recursively remove files
how to extract substring from a text file in bash?
what is '$$' in the bash shell?
bash script user input and display data.. pls hlep me??
ending tail -f started in a shell script
why my bash can't execute r script ?
bash or python for extracting blocks from text files
bash arrays: need help with white space
bash syntax question: variable in brackets {} with # comments?
how to get this bash script to work if the "filename" contains space?
bash script execution date/time
how to make this if statement in bash
display output of a bash command and keeping the output in a variable
how to read using "read" from file descriptor 3 in bash script?
bash scripting problem
if statement error bash
how to get the name of the current git branch into a variable in a shell script?
bash scripting challenge
calling a python function from bash script
bash output as applescript list problems.
bash: run command before a script exits?
bash configration question, set alias as a sequence of commands?
bash for loop with wildcards and hidden files
email check regular expression with bash script
store line in a string in bash
bash or python or awk to match and modify files
running script stop in the middle
bash plugin help: auto insert closing bracet with cursor in middle
parse a dhcpd.lease file with bash
how can i hide a password/username used in a bash script for accessing mysql?
control processes started by bash daemon
caret search and replace in bash shell
how to automatically add user account *and* password with a bash script
bash open firefox window, then each subsequent window in tabs
bash, find files which contain numbers on filename
how do i check in bash if a process (or one of its children) is actually doing something (cpu/io)?
horizontal scroll in a bash window
writing bash script to read, compare, and verify external ip address.  need help.
program interaction and testing via bash script
bash script to restart apache automatically
cmdline bash variable weirdness
bash rename extension recursive
string comparison in bash
ignore/prune hidden directories with bash find command
how to call bash script
how to change icon/emblem of a directory from bash
for loop in bash script
count specific word in line in bash
run bash with redefined ps1 env variable
how to set an alias inside a bash shell script
bash - how to call a fuinction declared in a parent shell?
passing bash variables to ssh
how can i tell bash to properly esacape expanded strings?
bash: test whether string is valid as an integer?
how to exit all the calling scripts in bash?
bash: how _best_ to create a script from another script
simple question: how to make a bash script that creates 40 simultaneous instances of a program?
ignore a path entry with bash tab-completion
how can i compare strings in bash script?
paste to codepad.org using bash or curl
bash script to setup a temporary ssh tunnel.
problem with temporary unnamed pipe in bash script
bash: space in variable value later used as parameter
how do i set environment variable completion in a bash shell on mac
running two bash commands simultaneously on two different computers from one script
bash threading: wait for all job threads to finish doesn't work?
bash, numeric prefix for emacs bindings?
pipe bash output to two different streams
bash script calls another bash script and waits for it to complete before proceeding
email from bash script
bash script with find command drops me to bash shell
bash alias to python script -- is it possible?
how do i edit the output of a bash script before executing it?
how to echo directories containing matching file with bash?
bash case statements evaluate to strings
bash: how do you "split" the date command?
is there a convention for naming 'private functions' in bash?
how to write a bash script to get the time on another linux server?
how to silent output in a bash script?
query in shell script
what is the proper indentation for bash scripts?
using bash to get revision number from subversion
storing files inside bash scripts
compare/difference of  two arrays in bash
so how to make mac recognize linux bash?
how do i synchronize (lock/unlock) access to a file in bash from multiple scripts?
bash script directory detection and creation
status bar in bash
bash command to repeatidly emulate keypress on a proceess
bash scripting and bc
can i read line from a heredoc in bash?
add spaces to the end of some bash autocomplete options, but not to others?
what does the amphersand indicate in this bash command 1>&2
command-line parameters in shell script?
bash while loop calling a python script
bash scripting, checking for errors, logging
bash: subprocess access variables
issue with echo and tab in bash
how to convert timestamps to dates in bash?
running a bash script over ssh
reading multiple lines in bash without spawning a new subshell?
bash substituion; remove everything after the string
functions in bash with special parameters
concatenate strings in bash
auto confirm eula in bash script
bash, argument list segment
bash variable expansion
negate unsigned number in bash
is it possible for bash commands to continue before the result of the previous command?
using a filename with spaces with scp and chmod in bash
bash or php script to execute stocked procedure on sql server
cd option in bash script
a sufficant way to show logs in a graphical interface using whiptail bash
bash ps1 settings - how to get the current folder back as the terminal title
bash: redirect (and append) stdout and stderr to file and terminal
how do i preserve newlines in a quoted string in bash ?
bash shell function error : command not found
how to match string/dir in a path using bash scripting
rename several files in the bash.
how can i create a temp file with a specific extension in bash?
bash: filter away consecutive lines from text file
turn off error messages in a bash script
need help understanding a bash command
what is the best, python or bash for selectively concatenating lots of files?
find declaration and definition of function using bash
how to search an expression in a file from a bash script?
how to get the first line of a file in a bash script?
better way to make a bash script self-tracing?
how to retrieve the first word of the output of a command in bash?
how to build a conditional assignment in bash?
how to replace a line in bash
how to get physical memory in bash
bash init.d script detect that mysqld has started and is running
bash: easy way to put a configurable load on a system?
howto pass a string as parameter in awk within bash script
use a cat + grep as an included source in bash
mixing regular expression and other conditional expression in a bash if statement
variable assignment in bash
substitution till the end of the line in bash
extract substructure from a text file using bash or python
bash: for loop, copy, backup
removing final bash script argument
editing history in bash
bash: syntax error: redirection unexpected
bash: ambiguous redirect
modify comfig file using bash scirpt
how to parse post data in a cgi script with bash scripting?
messy bash variable
awk my number, im supid in bash
bash loop command until file contains n duplicate entries (lines)
bash scripting: i want to open a set of .php files, and add line before html tag
how do i use a file grep comparison inside a bash if/else statement?
bash: how to process variables from an input file?
