how do you deal with configuration files in source control?
not showing dialog when opening file in acrobat pro using applescript
mod_rewrite to alias one file suffix type to another
can i copy files to a network place from a script or the command line?
oracle - what tns names file am i using?
generation of designer file failed
how do i get the assembler output from a c file in vs2005
nmake, visualstudio, and .mak files
is there any way to sticky a file in subversion
can you modify text files when committing to subversion?
testing https files with mamp
apache serving files that should not be served.
best way to rotate apache log files
how do i get the click once publish version to match the assemblyinfo.cs file version.
how do you retrieve the commit message and file list for a particular revision?
does anyone know the shortcut to open a file within your solution
creating mp4/m4a files with chapter marks
tool to view the contents of the solution user options file (.suo)
rehsarper 4.0 - renaming a class does not rename the file
can you "ignore" a file in perforce?
prevent file casing problems in subversion
how to convert apache .htaccess files into lighttpd rules?
updates to wordpress theme template/stylesheet are not reflected when a file is edited
releasing under license: do all files need the copyright statment?
grabbing every 4th file
how do i tell subversion to treat a file as a binary file?
how can i pre-compress files with mod_deflate in apache 2.x?
is it worth the effort to move from a hand crafted hibernate mapping file to annotaions?
timestamp in control file
is there a tool to convert a .vim colour definition file to use in vs.net 2008
how to switch back to a previous version of a file without deleting its subsequent revisions?
sqlplus settings to generate tab-separated data file
how can i remove .ds_store files from a git repository?
how to create a zip file in the same format as the finder's "compress" menu item?
user interface for creating oracle sql loader control file
how can i change drupal's default menu strings without hacking the core files or using the string override plugin?
how to compare files with same names in two different directories using a shell script
checkout one file from subversion
sync file modification time across multiple directories
count number of occurences of token in a file
why do my hot-deployed files disappear sometimes? (i think apache has something to do with it)
pdb files in visualstudio bin\debug folders
subversion question: how can i use post-commit hooks to copy committed files to a web directory?
crafting .webloc file
automatically adding specified text at beginning of files in vs 2008
how to removing trailing whitespace of all files recursively?
how do i put a file (excel) online (apache server) with password protection but with the option for users to alter the file and save the changes?
using mercurial, is there an easy way to diff my working copy with the tip file in the default remote repository
subversion diff including new files
how can i maintain history of a file that is moved to a directory overwriting a file of the same name
how do you manage .vcproj files in souce control which are changed by multiple developers?
why does subversion chown/recreate files on checkin?
vs 2k8 doesn't release file handle after debugging stops: unable to copy file x to output directory because it is being used by another process.
team foundation server (tfs) file difference viewer - how to split horizontally
how to copy a file to multiple directories using the gnu cp command
oracle sql technique to avoid filling trans log
problem parsing an xls file with c#
how do i get srcsrv with svnindex.cmd to index extern files ?
how do you remove a file from being version controlled without deleting the file in subversion?
modify spotlight metadata for a file outside spotlight importer?
how do i create a temporary file with cocoa?
auto edit host and vhost and file for a new site on aptana
how to specify default file extension for oracle's pro*cobol precompiler
automatically remove subversion unversioned files
run index.php rather than listing files
how to delete files older than x hours
break whenever a file (or class) is entered
how to efficiently delete all files in a document library?
share .obj files between different configurations
what is the best way to make files live using subversion on a production server?
subversion: tag and commit modified files at once
version control on large files
is it possible to get a list of added or deleted files from subversion?
best way to see what files are locked in subversion
need help adding files to a subversion repository.
linq to xml: parsing xml file which one of nodes presents type of another node
deploy a resource file to app_globalresource folder on activation
how to recreate an oracle 9i database from backup files (ora files)
how to delete files older than n weeks from a microsoft ftp server
sharing mysql conntection between php files
how to append name of file to end of each line in file
open a specified file in excel from a gui - borland c++
is there some way to commit a file "partially" in tortoisesvn?
how to close a file descriptor from another process in unix systems
oracle 10.2 pro*c precompiler not reading header file
creating a popupwindow from html, not a file
list all files changed by a particular user in subversion
web part feature and reading xml file
what are the various files that could have path declarations for osx terminal in them?
version control of mdf files
creating mdf file from sql script
how do i create a dump file from my subversion hosting account?
shell script for replacing some files with symlinks
reordering an mbox file chronologically
reading an oracle lite odb file without oracle lite
vs2005: how to not have vs try to parse text file resources as html?
in excel automation, how to gracefully handle invalid file format error upon file opening?
osx - always hide certain files
usb (pny 4gb) suddenly appears empty - mounts, but name is strange, files not there
is it safe to commit more files as a pre-commit hook
examining subversion history of deleted file
os x: creating or extracting preview(.jpg,.png) of .eps file
best file system to transfer 5+gb files between os x and windows on removable media
how do i add a file to subversion that has the same name as a directory that was deleted?
[bash] fill placeholders in file in single pass
protecting your images, css and javascript files from being used by external sites with apache?
fastest way to navigate through files in textmate?
how to repace ${} variables in a *nix text file
com.finder.desktopservices asks for admin password when copying files
subversion: how to retrieve files changed in range of revisions?
getting new file added to subversion with updating whole folder
how can i tell if a file is busy, e.g. the finder is busy copying to it?
getting a cgimage out of a pdf file
how could i .htaccess files above current site root?
sharepoint problem saving a file over an existing file in a document library
how to import file into sqlite?
what options do i have for reading excel files and evaluating formulas in c#, java and php?
rewriterule checking file in rewriten file path exists.
on os x, seperating a gui into multiple nib files and nsview subclasses
refering to environment variable in oracle sql files on linux and windows
what are the file permission signs @ and + for?
upload file directly to s3 with progress bar
how to add a file selector/opener in cocoa with interface builder?
how can i divide a bound array in parts that automatically fill the table?
best way to copy of move files with objective-c?
code template's indentation is buggy for code behind files in vs2005?
validate all aspx, ascx and html files when building
smart tool (addin?) for creating class body from header file
vs2008 files and "start debugging"
backup and restore ssp on moss 2007 fails due to missing .mdf files
hibernate/nhibernate mapping file editor
where does the tomcat axis file server-config.wsdd come from?
semi-editable files (eg config files) and version control - best practices?
how do i determine file encoding in osx?
random errors while downloading files from sharepoint
.htaccess file causing internal server error
apache error log - file does not exist
postscript files from latex blurred
how to show another swf file in the webview which showing a swf file?
what event is raised when a file is added to a project?
dynamically fill in form values with jquery
how do i set the don't cache header for an html file using apache?
change revesion number in subversion, even if the file not change in the commit.
packaging multiple features into a single wsp solution file
huge abouticondata block in add-in file
vs2008 macro: perform action on every code file in the solution
finding files iso-8859-1 encoded?
writing two dimensional array to file and reading two dimensional array from file using visual c++
redirect requests only if the file is not found?
splitting applicationcontext to multiple files
how do you serve a file without leaving the page?
always get exception when trying to fill data to datatable
is storing config variables in an xml file on a php site under the site root too risky?
force subversion not to merge specific files
single file merge in subversion
hibernate: how to map a *.hbm.xml file in a different folder?
why are my file permissions on apache being reset?
shell command to recursively give permission to directories and files
inspect contents of a basic, unencrypted udif dmg file
how do i sum together file sizes in bash, grouping together the results by date?
vs2008 setup project installing extra dependency files
shell script - two foor loops and changing extension of file
mstest copy file to test run folder
how to execute an .sql script file using c#
post commit hook to update a file under version
default using directives in new c# files
recover files from old subversion backup
find file in directory from command line
the easiest way to write nsdata to a file
url rewriting - redirect with no file extension
read/write data from/to a file in pl/sql without using utl_file
bash script to find a file in directory tree and append it to another file
how do i write stderr to a file while using "tee" with a pipe?
hibernate mapping file with dependancies to existing tables/pojos
removing files starting with --
oracle - exporting procedures / packages to a file
commit changed files, added new files and omit some files to an external server in subversion on linux / ubuntu
how to prevent hackers from exploiting apache ->sites-available -> default file
how can i open a file using java stored procedure
how do i serialize an object to file using nskeyedarchiver in nspropertylistxmlformat_v1_0 format?
how can you open files which contain the word "exam" in terminal?
how to remove files and directory in a appointed path?
syntax error : end of file unexpected (expecting "fi")
how can i safely write to a given file path in cocoa, adding a numeric suffix if necessary?
any way to get sharepoint to stop converting attachment file names to all lower case on inbound emails?
moving files to a directory
is there a way of auto-generating feature.xml files for sharepoint development?
find all .rpt files in vs solution
how to associate external files with an assembly
remove all .pyc files from a project
how do you deal with multiple open files of the same name in visualstudio?
listing the files and revisions with a certain check-in message in subversion
viewing files in a remote ftp folder from a webpart
load .wav file for openal in cocoa
using apache and mod_ext_filter, need to dynamically replace values of static file based off of query string.
creating a jar file from a scala file
how to get the file size given a path?
list directories containinf more than 1 file
how i detect whether or not a file has been renamed using cocoa?
does subversion merge diff or just update revision on unmodified files
haskell: writing text files and parsing them back to original format
htaccess file restriction
how to change source file encoding in csharp project (visual studio / msbuild machine)?
drupal: xmlsitemap file is not generated
a bash one-liner to change into the directory where some file is located.
oracle how to export query to a text/csv file
subversion: prevent local modifications to one file from being committed?
nginx (as front end to apache) to serve wp super cache static files
how do i set default permissions when copying a file from windows -> osx
oracle external tables: advanced flat file layout
how can i keep a file in memory during editing?
permissions to php session files
how do i configure apache to forward some urls to my servlet container regardless if the file exists.
reducing wav sound file size, without loosing quality
error 1325.„sharepointdata” is not a valid short file name during sharepoint uninstalling
left outer join fetch doesn't fill map collection properly (hql)
which is the command to query a subversion repository for all files checked out to a specific user?
marking file as executable on osx using c (carbon, standard c/c++)
how to upload a file using asp.net without posting the whole page back?
is it safe to put database file in htdocs?
read only "n" bytes from a file in cocoa
how to new a nib file in xcode 3.0?
how to suppress the file corrupt warning at excel download?
use an xml file with a feature
converting an excel (xls) file to a comma separated (csv) file without the gui
get file creation time with python on mac
xdebug produces corrupted files
how to keep a text file readable just from php and python, and not by users?
how do i log to file on the mac (similar to log4net)
apache .htaccess file redirect
cocoa: filling an nsbezierpath with an image
mod_rewrite adding unwanted file extension
oracle database connections - what are all the fields i need to fill in?
how to use dll's in the same directory as an excel file
what comparable javascript function can reference a file like php's include()?
how to create hbm files from java files??
how do i find the number of times a file was revised in subversion?
accessing a windows file folder from oracle forms 10g
create a "label" in subversion indicating what files should be in the next release
add a file to subversion with special characters like '%' in the filename.
what kind of mac driver should i need to build to intercept the file system?
how to keep a file under n lines long?
finding incorrectly-formatted email addresses in a csv file
creating patches between revisions per file
odp.net oracle decimal number precision problem when filling a dataset. exception: arithmetic operation resulted in an overflow
how to view different file extension in different color ib terminal of mac leopard.
how to load an xml document from an openxml file without saving the xml file on disk?
is there a command which will print the path of the file in the repo-browser in the command line?
reading from a file not line-by-line
how to configure the formatting of file upload in drupal 6
list potential applications that could open a file
http compression - how to send precompressed files that exist in a ear file?
file watcher in cocoa
file watcher in cocoa
hosts file and multiple sub-domains
file reading
how to play a mp3 file from within the ressources folder of my application ?
how can a web application synch a folder of text files on the client's pc?
recursively add file extension to all files
how do i search all revisions of a file in a subversion repository?
specifying constraint name in hibernate mapping file
problem with oracle sql loader control file
tortoisesvn - missing files in client
how to extract id tags from mp3 files in cocoa?
is the file hidden?
svnmerge and a file replaced with a directory
plot data reconstruction reading pixel colors from image files
is there any special category for external files in project file of qt creator?
touch files from z->a with a delay
if text file is not empty, email me
osx change file encoding (iconv) recursive
how can i get my website to display a .c file instead of trying to make the user download it?
where can i find the file visualsvnserverhooks.exe
how to insert a new line character after a fixed number of characters in a file
what application can i use to create web .ico files on a mac
how to write a sql loader control file to load data into multiple tables
how to search the file in  the next level of the mac root ?
writing a qnetworkreply to a file
how to map a resource file in qt 4.5?
reading the final name of a file downloaded using qnetworkaccessmanager
asp.net mvc add column to the database - how do i update the dbml file
how does subversion handle file permissions and a .htaccess file?
best language suited for scanning many files for a keyword (called from a cocoa app)?
svn / subversion: get all files on new check out, but then exclude certain files from update/check in
moving files or directories with tortoisesvn
create dmg file
creating a .bashrc function to search through all files for a particular string
apache mod_rewrite affecting files inside sub folder
find natural block size of the media being used by file handle
move files to directories based on first part of filename?
redirecting stdout in a bash file results in a file created even when there is no error. why?
rewrite only a specific file using mod_rewrite
add to file if exists and create if not
read entire file in scala?
best location for database file in mac osx
change file save location
mac libraries for audio processing/sound file splitting
do you strip header files when shipping frameworks with your osx application?
how do i serve a file through jsmin php script with correct http caching (using .htaccess?)
delete a file after user download prompt
updating files on apache
creating a "breaking news" div with ajax if file exists?
bash: merging multiple files given different file name prefixes in an array
writing to files in bundle?
error while checking if a file exists
htaccess 301 redirection for multiple files
making a macro that exports chosen columns to a new file
how do i package support files in a cocoa app
replace chars in file by index
parse file upload directly without writing to the file system
cocoa nib files + localization
mod_rewrite: redirect if anything but a file
cocoa + dynamic text labels on nib file
how to split a file and keep the first line in each of the pieces?
source all files in a directory from .bash_profile
remove old backup files
file conversion using cocoa
cocoa + skip os generated files
fill array with consecutive integers
ls only these file types using grep
awk '{print $9}' the last ls -l column including any spaces in the file name.
how to remove large amount of files using rm
what do i put in the config.xml file to override linkaction in downloadable (magento controller)?
what is the best way of generating a xslx file on a web site? possibly with millions of rows?
keep a reference to a file after it has moved in objective-c?
firefox : open xlsx file not saving file butn opening binary.
nhibernate using single configuration file to connect to multiple dbs
count number of files generated from split command
deleting an excel file in c#, taskmanager process is not stopped.....
password protecting autoindex but not static files with .htaccess
how could i post an xml file in a web context
what makes it possible to drag-open files on a mac?
how to split a scala script into multiple files
hibernate mappings: splitting up the file
.htaccess problem: no input file specified.
http headers for jpg files after mod_rewrite
what's the best strategy for large amounts of audio files in mobile application?
switch from file contents to stdin in piped command? (linux shell)
copying a directory tree file by file
apache hssf poi excel doc to tab delimted file
qprocess::setstandardoutputfile only creates 0kb file
internally redirecting to another file in apache
how does one validate the schema of an xml file using scala?
what's the minimum version of os x that supports file system events?
read xls file from vb6
arrange log entries into dated files
how to get permission to edit the file apache2.conf? [ubuntu]
qdir and qdiriterator ignore files with non-ascii filenames
is there any way to make a dual executable file for mac/windows?
apache config mime types: xlsx files are being interpreted as zip files on download, why?
bash: copy named files recursively, preserving folder structure
automatically compile any java class when the file is dropped in a directory
c++/qt download file in sync
how the scala script that reads 5g log file from network drive should be modified in order to read last x lines (like 'tail' in unix)?
problem with mapping tag in hibernate configuration file
can apache serve a default file instead of a 404?
how to process file names with variables from a list in a file in bash
when automatically updateing wordpress how does it grab files from another server and store it on my server?
how to split up a file into modules in haskell?
creating rss.xml file for wordpress posts...
find file launching a process
include jar file in scala interpreter
problem with sorting on child object in hibernate when order-by is present in .hbm files ?
disabling serving php files from a folder in .htaccess
405 error uploading file
drag & drop with .ui files
how do you route stdin from a file to a function when running ghci
how to create dmg file which will allow autostarting an application efter bootup
can i use xmlhttprequest on a different port from a script file loaded from that port?
generate hibernate mapping files (*.hbm.xml) from pojos?
server-side, get progress on sending file
how to gzip every file separately
choosing rows form a file
grep-ing multiple files
apache: deliver some urls from the file system, all others from rails app
mod_rewrite works in .htaccess files but not in apache2.conf
download attachments in one file
mac : i want the file open dialog in an app like xcode to open in the last-visited folder ...
how to pass content of file from fileupload control to web method via javascript?
how can i use a .hbm.xml file as input in hbmtemplate for maven?
how to generate a single translation file for a large qt project?
mass convert excel files into tab delimted text files
jquery ajaxupload and php max file size issue
apache poi - error in reading excel file
why are people continuing to use xml mapping files instead of annotations?
how to automatically ignore files in grep
how to get the excel file name / path in vb script?
how to create a executable .exe file from .m file
how many files do search engines index per directory
is there a scripting solution for determining the default application path for a file on the mac?
generate .h and .cpp from .ui file
custom file filter upload
url rewrite apache locating files
using .pri files in qt
apache: download files getting a cr inserted before every lf (even spreadsheets)
trying to install cabal package sdl-mpeg can't find include file smpeg.h
show hexadecimal numbers of a file
how would i convert my .htaccess file to nginx?
loading constants from db and reading them in an include file
sorting an xml file with qt
how to access elements of matrices  from mat file in python?
how to import .class file in jsp page which is not in standard library?
search and sort data from several files
individually execute all files in a directory
how to send an object from one js file to another js file ?
how to execute sql-script file using hibernate?
how to get a window to receive drag and drop files in xcode
apache file caching
need help with apache's mod_rewrite to fetch file based on url
missing file [qt]
logging dynamically served files in apache
creating a file downloading script with checksum verification
pipe many outputs to same file at the same time?
macos x. no such file or directory for lua framework.
how to find duplicate files with same name but different case that exist in same folder in linux?
persisting large files with hibernate annotations
assistance with apache www.conf file correctly matching location?
redirect all page on a domain to one file
qt phonon open raw audio data file
how to modify existing excel file using php?
how do i write a csv file from a txt file with line omittion
reading large csv files with strings containing commas as one field
how to create folders using file names and then move files into folders?
on mac o.s., how to get the name of files that has been dropped onto apple script to boot jar with the name of file as a argument to jar
using php/apache to restrict access to static files (html, css, img, etc)
how to make the apple script file configurable ?  can apple scipt file, shipped from window ?
absolute file paths in mod_rewrite - allowed?
getting exception for spring file upload (urgent)
bash: copy a folder full of files and folders to an external hdd, but only if there is enough space to complete the copy.
help with magento: controller file was loaded but class does not exist
apache/php  serving file multiple times
file selector in a qtablewidget
extraction of data from a simple xml file
how to read immutable data structures from file in scala
scala script to copy files
how can i find out a files "mime-type(content-type?)"?
undeletable file due to backup script
bash file attribute gymnastics: how do i easily get a file with full paths and privileges?
how to get access to the metaproperties of a file (aspecially a mp3 file) with vba
apache not loading css files on remote browsers but works on localhost
apache <files> with require to exempt certain files
what is the most compact or efficient way of doing several subsitutions in a file in bash
drupal: the selected file intersection.png could not be uploaded.
drupal flushing "page requisites" cache also deletes javascript files
how to allow only certain files in apache
mod_rewrite: direct everything to one php file
calculate difference of numbers in two files
escaping 'echo' in batch files
how to password protect files (images, video, zip) dynamically from public and allow access to members only?
using a dictionary file with sed
redirect stdout and stderr to a single file with prefixes
examples of attoparsec in parsing binary file formats?
hibernate - problem in parsing mapping file (.hbm.xml)
fastest wat to sort files
find float in a text file
is there a way to get apache to serve files with the question mark in their name?
spring roo backup command lost my files
why does file have to be saved prior to running ?
making apache 2.2.11 parse .wml files as php?
bash apache to seek particular file name
how to make a file extension downloadable?
cck remote file (image) field - i want to keep the cached copy of the image when the node is deleted
in haskell, i want to read a file and then write to it.  do i need strictness annotation?
why must recursion be in a separate file in hugs?
is there a way to rewrite a url to go to a file stored in the filefield of the node
using .inc files when theming.
matlab - delete elements of binary files without loading entire file
what files in magneto have no purpose being in source control?
wordpress - failed to write to disk mov file
custom post metabox with upload file button
no properties file found error for reloadableresourcebundlemessagesource
`sbt package` results in huge war file - how to make it smaller?
is there a nice, safe, quick way to write an inputstream to a file in scala?
how to import and plot data from a .mat file to x and y variables ?
local folder files not taking, taking only core files (magento)
magento - where's the php file subscribe.phtml calls once the form is submitted
in magento 1.3.2 which file is responsible forstoring the data of payment gateway options like mastercard visa amex?
magento - link to a frontend skin js file from an admin file
weird error in my system.log file over and over and over
